About the job

Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 114,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Software Engineer

About Abbott

Abbott is a global healthcare leader, creating breakthrough science to improve people’s health. We’re always looking towards the future, anticipating changes in medical science and technology.

Working at Abbott

At Abbott, You Can Do Work That Matters, Grow, And Learn, Care For Yourself And Your Family, Be Your True Self, And Live a Full Life. You’ll Also Have Access To


Career development with an international company where you can grow the career you dream of.
Employees can qualify for free medical coverage in our Health Investment Plan (HIP) PPO medical plan in the next calendar year.
An excellent retirement savings plan with a high employer contribution
Tuition reimbursement, the Freedom 2 Save student debt program, and FreeU education benefit - an affordable and convenient path to getting a bachelor’s degree.
A company recognized as a great place to work in dozens of countries worldwide and named one of the most admired companies in the world by Fortune.
A company that is recognized as one of the best big companies to work for as well as the best place to work for diversity, working mothers, female executives, and scientists.


The Opportunity 

Our location in San Diego, California has an opportunity for a Software Engineer. This Software Engineer role is within our ID Infectious Disease business unit. Our diagnostic solutions are used in hospitals, laboratories and clinics around the globe.

The Software Engineer role requires leveraging a modern tech stack and SaaS cloud platform to enhance global user

health. Responsibilities include contributing to application design, deployment on Microsoft Azure Cloud, collaborating on issue

identification, coordinating software deployments, developing processes and automation, ensuring regulatory compliance, and

fostering positive communication across teams and stakeholders.

What You’ll Work On


Contributes to the design, implementation, and deployment of applications on Microsoft Azure Cloud.
Collaborates with developers to identify operational issues during pre-production release.
Works with cross-functional teams and external vendors for software deployment.
Assists in infrastructure performance and stress testing.
Coordinates software deployments in various environments.
Develops new processes to adapt to evolving infrastructure needs.
Creates tools and automation to enhance workflows.
Supports company initiatives and complies with regulatory requirements by FDA and other relevant global regulatory agencies.
Maintains positive communication and collaboration across all levels of employees, customers, contractors, and vendors.


Required Qualifications


Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related field required.
2 years of related experience
Basic knowledge of software programming, development, database management, networking concepts, and cloud computing.
Proficiency in personal computer skills, capable of performing complex word processing, spreadsheet tasks, documentation, presentations, and analysis.
Ability to work effectively both within a team and as an individual contributor in a fast paced, dynamic environment.
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the capability to communicate effectively across various levels within the organization.
Capability to multitask, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines in a timely manner.
Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail, and ability to follow up on tasks.


Apply Now

Learn more about our health and wellness benefits, which provide the security to help you and your family live full lives: www.abbottbenefits.com

Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that can help you build your future

The base pay for this position is $72,100.00 – $114,700.00. In specific locations, the pay range may vary from the range posted.