About the job

Who We Are

Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have entrusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 50 countries, Addepar's platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $8 trillion in assets. Addepar's open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in New York City, Salt Lake City, London, Edinburgh, Pune, Dubai, Geneva, and São Paulo.

The Role

We are currently seeking an AI Engineer to join our AI Platform team. The AI Platform team is focused on enabling and building disruptive, innovative solutions to transform the wealth technology landscape with AI across our product suite and is growing quickly.

As an AI Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, building, and productionizing the core AI capabilities that power our platform. This is a hands-on role where you will be on the frontier of applied AI with research and engineering, working directly with LLMs and agentic frameworks to translate cutting-edge concepts into robust, scalable products and capabilities. You will own the full lifecycle of AI-native products, from prototyping and evaluation to building the scalable backend systems that deliver them to our clients.

Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without requiring current or future visa sponsorship (for example, employment-based visas such as H-1B, F-1/OPT, or similar), and must be authorized to begin work in the U.S. on their first day of employment.

Addepar takes a market-based approach to pay. A successful candidate’s starting pay will be determined based on the role, job-related skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions.

The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target base salary for roles in Colorado, California, and New York. The current range for this role is $155,000 - $194,000 + bonus + equity + benefits.

Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process. Additionally, these ranges reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits.

What You’ll Do


Design and build end-to-end AI-native products, from initial prototype all the way to scalable production services.
Develop and productionize core components of our AI platform – including:
LLMs and the surrounding ecosystem (e.g., vector DBs, prompt tuning, etc.)
Agentic frameworks
Core agent capabilities like MCP/ cross-platform tool use, web browsing, computer use
Rapidly iterate on AI products based on performance metrics and user feedback to drive continuous improvement.
Drive the evaluation and adoption of new AI technologies and frameworks to keep Addepar on the frontier of the industry.
Collaborate with product managers and other engineering teams to translate strategic goals into technical realities, abstracting AI complexity so they can iterate quickly.

Who You Are


1-3+ years of professional experience in backend software engineering, with expertise in programming languages/technologies like Python, Golang, gRPC, AWS, and Kubernetes.
A strong, systems-level foundation in building and scaling backend services (e.g., understanding microservices, APIs, and concurrency).
Proven experience shipping and maintaining AI-native products or features, or demonstrable passion through significant personal projects in AI.
A strong bias for action, with a passion for shipping rapidly and iterating with feedback.
Passion for proactivity, deep ownership, and a desire to learn and build on the frontier of AI.
BS/MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field, or equivalent experience.


Bonus Points (Preferred Qualifications)


Specific experience with LLMs and agentic systems.
Hands-on experience with technologies in the modern AI/LLM ecosystem, such as Databricks, Langchain, or MLFlow.
Advanced understanding of the probabilistic systems underpinning modern LLMs.
Experience building AI products in highly accuracy-sensitive domains such as finance is a plus.


Our Values 


Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.
Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value. 
Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients’ success is our success. 
Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry. 
Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset. 


In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

PHISHING SCAM WARNING: Addepar is among several companies recently made aware of a phishing scam involving con artists posing as hiring managers recruiting via email, text and social media. The imposters are creating misleading email accounts, conducting remote “interviews,” and making fake job offers in order to collect personal and financial information from unsuspecting individuals. Please be aware that no job offers will be made from Addepar without a formal interview process. Additionally, Addepar will not ask you to purchase equipment or supplies as part of your onboarding process. If you have any questions, please reach out to TAinfo@addepar.com.