Aditi Consulting

Software Engineer 

Bellevue, WA · 4 hours ago · Over 100 applicants

Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet

$80/hr - $92/hr
On-site
Contract
Easy Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Jose Araujo 

• 3rd

Electro Optical Engineer at Meta via Aditi Consulting Group

School alum from University of Southern California

Message
About the job


Payrate: $80.00 - $92.00/hr.

Summary:
The main function of a software engineer on Lead generation Ads product team is to apply the principles of computer science and mathematical analysis to the design, development, testing, and evaluation of the software and systems that make computers work. They will be responsible for developing and optimizing AI/ML solutions to enhance lead generation workflows and drive innovation.

Job Responsibilities:
Contribute to AI initiatives: Develop and optimize AI/ML features that enhance lead generation workflows.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams: Work closely with product managers, data scientists, and other engineers to deliver impactful solutions.
Design and implement scalable solutions: Architect and code robust, scalable software systems tailored to business needs.
Stay updated with latest AI technologies: Continually research and apply cutting-edge AI/ML advancements to Lead Gen projects.
Drive innovation within the team: Advocate for Client approaches, tools, and technologies to maintain technical excellence.
Develop standards and guidelines to guide the use and acquisition of software and to protect vulnerable information.

Skills:
Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills.
Strong ability to work independently and manage one’s time.
Experience with AI/ML technologies: Proven track record in designing, building, and deploying machine learning models.
Strong knowledge of the full software development lifecycle: from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development, testing and delivery.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment: Comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing requirements.
Strong knowledge of computer hardware and software.
Knowledge of computer development software as it relates to systems, such as SQL, VisualBasic, etc.

Education/Experience:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or relevant field required.


Pay Transparency: The typical base pay for this role across the U.S. is: $80.00 - $92.00/hr. Final offer amounts, within the base pay set forth above, are determined by factors including your relevant skills, education and experience and the benefits package you select.  Full-time employees are eligible to select from different benefits packages.  Packages may include medical, dental, and vision benefits, 10 paid days off, 401(k) plan participation, commuter benefits and life and disability insurance.

Consent to Communication and Use of AI Technology: By submitting your application for this position and providing your email address(es) and/or phone number(s), you consent to receive text (SMS), email, and/or voice communication whether automated (including auto telephone dialing systems or automatic text messaging systems), pre-recorded, AI-assisted, or individually initiated from Aditi Consulting, our agents, representatives, or affiliates at the phone number and/or email address you have provided. These communications may include information about potential opportunities and information. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary.

You represent and warrant that the email address(es) and/or telephone number(s) you provided to us belong to you and that you are permitted to receive calls, text (SMS) messages, and/or emails at these contacts. You also acknowledge and agree to Aditi Consulting LLC’s use of AI technology during the sourcing process, including calls from an AI Voice Recruiter. AI is used solely to gather data and does not replace human-based decision-making in employment decisions.  Calls may be recorded.

Consent is not a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. You may revoke your consent at any time by replying “STOP” to messages or by contacting privacy@aditiconsulting.com.

For information about our collection, use, and disclosure of applicant's personal information as well as applicants' rights over their personal information, please see our Privacy Policy

#AditiConsulting
#26-00473


… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k), Commuter benefits, Disability insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Bellevue, Washington, United States

Off
See how you compare to other applicants
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Applicants for this job

101

Applicants

101

Applicants in the past day

Applicant seniority level

67% Entry level people applied for this job

21% Senior level people applied for this job

1% CXO level people applied for this job

1% Director level people applied for this job

Applicant education level

80

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


18

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Aditi Consulting
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Digital Engineering Services: Aditi Consulting focuses on providing digital engineering services to help businesses thrive in a digital-first world. Their expertise includes designing and implementing advanced digital solutions.

...more

Sources: aditiconsulting.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on Engineering and IT: The 'Engineering' and 'Information Technology' departments have seen a 3% and 11% increase in headcount respectively, indicating a strong focus on technological development and innovation. Growth in Business Development and Sales: The 'Business Development' and 'Sales' departments have experienced a 21% and 17% increase in headcount respectively, suggesting an emphasis on expanding market reach and driving revenue growth. Significant increase in Marketing and Research: The 'Marketing' and 'Research' departments have shown a 36% and 27% increase in headcount respectively, highlighting a strategic push towards market analysis and brand promotion. Expansion in Education and Community Services: The 'Education' and 'Community and Social Services' departments have seen a 100% and 50% increase in headcount respectively, indicating new initiatives in training, development, and community engagement.
… more

The latest hiring trend

987

Total employees

2%

Company-wide

2 year growth

33%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
500
1000
1500

Median employee tenure: 2.8 years

Aditi Consulting hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Aditi Consulting hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

Aditi Consulting hired 2 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Aditi Consulting operates in a highly competitive landscape, focusing on digital engineering services and AI-powered solutions. The company faces competition from established firms like McKinsey & Company and Boston Consulting Group, which offer comprehensive AI and digital transformation services. Additionally, companies like Relevant Software provide tailored digital transformation solutions, making the market dynamic and challenging. Aditi Consulting's strategic imperative is to leverage its deep insights and practical knowledge to differentiate its offerings and maintain a competitive edge.
… more

Sources: ailoitte.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Aditi Consulting

883,212 followers

Follow

IT Services and IT Consulting

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

987 on LinkedIn

We’re the AI-powered engineering expertise behind some of the world’s most innovative companies. As their strategic digital engineering partner, we transform ambitious visions into market-leading realities across Fortune 500 enterprises and emerging leaders alike. Our intelligent solutions unlock real value at every stage of our clients’ innovations that not only elevate them to industry leadership but also create lasting value for the customers they serve and the communities they impact.

With over three decades of engineering excellence across 70+ Fortune 500 enterprises and emerging companies. We design, build, and operate impactful solutions that unlock real value at every stage of our clients’ digital transformation with speed at scale. Our cross-industry expertise enables us to thoughtfully transfer best practices while delivering extraordinary experiences throughout the entire transformation journey, fostering the lasting relationships that drive sustained success.

… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Founding Engineer

Claims Concierge

Atlanta Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 26, 2026, 7:37 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

RUST Engineer

CHADRICK Professional Services

Plano, TX (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 1:20 PM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Project Administrator

FrostLocker

Boise, ID (On-site)

$30/hr

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 24, 2026, 2:24 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Go High Level Expert

Brenda Breland LLC

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 26, 2026, 3:49 PM
2 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Development Engineer II

Kognitiv Edge

Minneapolis, MN (On-site)

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 25, 2026, 9:33 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Solutions Engineer (Verified job)
AI Solutions Engineer 

CapCenter

Richmond, VA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 24, 2026, 5:53 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure (Foundations) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure (Foundations) 

Anyscale

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

1 connection works here

Posted on January 26, 2026, 5:48 PM
14 minutes ago

Junior React Developer

First in Math®

Easton, PA (Remote)

$35/hr - $42/hr

 • 

Medical benefit

Posted on January 26, 2026, 9:31 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Quality Assurance Engineer

Leostream Corporation

Portland, OR (On-site)

$85K/yr - $90K/yr

 • 

Vision benefit

Posted on January 26, 2026, 1:38 PM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Engineer

Isle of Monday

New York, NY (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 7:31 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Front-End Developer (UI/UX-Focused)

CopperSmith®

Minneapolis, MN (Hybrid)

$90K/yr - $110K/yr

Posted on January 26, 2026, 4:27 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Test Engineer II - Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems (C-UAS)

WhiteFox Defense Technologies, Inc.

Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex (Hybrid)

$125K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:54 PM
3 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))