Akamai Technologies

Software Engineer II 

Cambridge, MA · 23 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$95K/yr - $171K/yr
Remote
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Job Description

Are you excited about working with cutting-edge technologies?

Are you a software developer who loves solving complex problems?

Join our Edge Applications Engineering Team

Our team builds and maintains the software infrastructure powering Akamai's global edge network, one of the world's largest distributed systems serving billions of daily requests. We develop mission-critical platform applications that enable secure, high-performance traffic delivery and integrate seamlessly across Akamai's product ecosystem, forming the backbone for all customer-facing offerings.

Partner with the best

As a Software Engineer II, your code will serve high-traffic, global applications while you gain deep expertise in large-scale system design, performance engineering, and emerging technologies that define the future of Akamai's products and services.

As a Software Engineer II, you will be responsible for:


Designing, writing, and automating code supporting product development for millions of users
Contributing to system architecture promoting performance, scalability, availability, security, and resilience.
Reviewing code and collaborating across teams to ensure best practices and delivery
Transforming product specifications into elegant designs with reusable, maintainable components
Debugging complex production issues, handle escalations, and deliver solutions under pressure
Building automation tools to improve efficiency and operational excellence across systems
Working with cutting-edge technology stacks and expanding expertise in AI technologies


Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will:


Have 2 years of full stack experience and a Bachelor's in Computer Science or related field
Be proficient in Python, Java, and TypeScript with Spring, Angular, and Flask frameworks
Possess solid foundation in SQL and NoSQL databases including PostgreSQL and Cassandra
Demonstrate solid understanding of distributed systems, algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented programming
Have excellent verbal and written communication skills across technical and business stakeholders
Have experience with CI/CD systems like Jenkins and AI code editors like GitHub Copilot
Have hands-on experience with AI models, RAG, and LangGraph or equivalent technologies
Be familiar with load balancers and message queues in production environments


Work in a way that works for you

FlexBase, Akamai's Global Flexible Working Program, is based on the principles that are helping us create the best workplace in the world. When our colleagues said that flexible working was important to them, we listened. We also know flexible working is important to many of the incredible people considering joining Akamai. FlexBase, gives 95% of employees the choice to work from their home, their office, or both (in the country advertised). This permanent workplace flexibility program is consistent and fair globally, to help us find incredible talent, virtually anywhere. We are happy to discuss working options for this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.

Learn what makes Akamai a great place to work

Connect with us on social and see what life at Akamai is like!

We power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges, together.

At Akamai, we're curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.

Working for you

Benefits

At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:


Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavors


Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.

About Us

Akamai powers and protects life online. Leading companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences helping billions of people live, work, and play every day. With the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge we make it easy for customers to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away.

Join us

Are you seeking an opportunity to learn and make a real impact in a global technology company? Come join us and learn with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!

Compensation

Akamai is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. For US based candidates only - the base salary for this position ranges from $95,000 - $171,000/year; a candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location. Compensation for candidates outside the US will vary. The compensation package may also include incentive compensation opportunities in the form of annual bonus or incentives, equity awards and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). Akamai provides industry-leading benefits including healthcare, 401K savings plan, company holidays, vacation (in the form of PTO), sick time, family friendly benefits including parental leave and an employee assistance program including a focus on mental and financial wellness; Eligibility requirements apply.


… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer II, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

667

total

667

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

84% Entry level candidates

14% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

82

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


16

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Akamai Technologies
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Expansion of Security and Compute Solutions: Akamai Technologies aims to continue investing in and advancing its security and compute solutions portfolios. This includes enhancing product offerings and sales capabilities, particularly following acquisitions like Guardicore Ltd. and Linode Limited Liability Company.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on engineering: The 'Engineering' department has maintained a stable headcount with a slight increase of 1%, indicating ongoing investment in technical capabilities and innovation. Growth in sales: The 'Sales' department has seen a 4% increase in headcount, suggesting a strategic push to boost revenue and market presence. Expansion in IT: The 'Information Technology' department has grown by 1%, reflecting a commitment to enhancing IT infrastructure and digital transformation. Increased focus on quality assurance: The 'Quality Assurance' department has experienced a 6% increase in headcount, highlighting an emphasis on maintaining high standards and product quality.
… more

The latest hiring trend

10,353

Total employees

1%

Company-wide

2 year growth

5%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
5000
10000
15000

Median employee tenure: 5.3 years

Akamai Technologies hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Akamai Technologies hired 3 people from University of Southern California. See all

Akamai Technologies hired 28 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Akamai Technologies operates in a highly competitive landscape, primarily in the CDN, cloud infrastructure, and cybersecurity sectors. The company leverages its extensive global edge platform to provide API security and edge computing solutions. Akamai's strategic focus includes transforming its market perception from a reliable utility to an indispensable innovation platform, capitalizing on opportunities in API security and distributed computing. Key competitors like Cloudflare, Fastly, and AWS challenge Akamai by offering diverse and scalable solutions, targeting various market segments including media, e-commerce, and financial services.
… more

Sources: tommywennerstierna.wordpress.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Akamai Technologies

510,766 followers

Follow

Technology, Information and Internet

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

9,967 on LinkedIn

At Akamai, we make life better for billions of people, billions of times a day. 

Every day, billions of people around the world connect with their favorite brands to shop online, play the latest video games, log into mobile banking apps, learn remotely, share videos with friends, and so much more. They may not know it, but Akamai is there, powering and protecting life online. 

Over 20 years ago, we set out to solve the toughest challenge of the early internet: the “World Wide Wait.” And we’ve been solving the internet’s toughest challenges ever since, working toward our vision of a safer and more connected world.

With the world’s most distributed compute platform — from cloud to edge — we make it easy for businesses to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away. That’s why innovative companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences.

Our leading security, compute, and delivery solutions are helping global companies make life better for billions of people, billions of times a day.

Devoted, determined problem-solvers who share a passion for technology, we’re always pushing ground-breaking ideas and driving innovation. 

Want to power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges?
Be part of an amazing team. 

Let’s connect:
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/akamai-technologies
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Akamai 
Blog: https://www.akamai.com/blog


… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Software Engineer - Competitive (Verified job)
Software Engineer - Competitive 

Hudl

United States (Remote)

$93K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 3:23 PM
4 minutes ago

Software Engineer, Product Infrastructure (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Product Infrastructure 

Gusto

Detroit Metropolitan Area (Remote)

$163K/yr - $247K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

1 connection works here

Posted on January 13, 2026, 12:26 PM
2 days ago

Software Engineer, Static Analysis

SandboxAQ

United States (Remote)

$145.6K/yr - $221K/yr

3 school alumni work here

Posted on December 30, 2025, 3:42 AM
2 weeks ago

Full Stack Engineer

xAI

United States (Remote)

$35/hr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 8, 2026, 11:24 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Junior Software Engineer

RemoteHunter

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:26 PM
2 hours ago

Software Engineer

RemoteHunter

United States (Remote)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 15, 2026, 11:52 AM
3 hours ago

Software Developer, Backend (Verified job)
Software Developer, Backend 

Gruve

United States (Remote)

$50/hr - $67/hr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:39 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

Helic & Co.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 6:44 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer, AI

SandboxAQ

United States (Remote)

$113K/yr - $186K/yr

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 14, 2026, 3:43 AM
1 day ago

Software Engineer

Valon

United States (Remote)

$140K/yr - $200K/yr

 • 

1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
12 hours ago

Forward Deployed Software Engineer

Inferred Edge

New York City Metropolitan Area (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 4:24 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Intern

Sparrow

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 6:17 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))