AMD

Software Development Engineer 

San Jose, CA · 4 minutes ago · 21 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$151.2K/yr - $170.4K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Chaitanya and others in your network

Show all
About the job

WHAT YOU DO AT AMD CHANGES EVERYTHING

At AMD, our mission is to build great products that accelerate next-generation computing experiences—from AI and data centers, to PCs, gaming and embedded systems. Grounded in a culture of innovation and collaboration, we believe real progress comes from bold ideas, human ingenuity and a shared passion to create something extraordinary. When you join AMD, you’ll discover the real differentiator is our culture. We push the limits of innovation to solve the world’s most important challenges—striving for execution excellence, while being direct, humble, collaborative, and inclusive of diverse perspectives. Join us as we shape the future of AI and beyond. Together, we advance your career. 

Job Role and Responsibility: Xilinx, Inc., a subsidiary of AMD, Inc., is hiring Software Development Engineers to Research, design, develop, and/or test operating systems-level software, compilers, and/or network distribution software for semiconductor operations, applying principles and techniques of computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis. Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for enhancements and new products. Develop software and tools in support of design, infrastructure and technology platforms, including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases, cloud-based and internet-related tools. Determine hardware compatibility and/or influence hardware design. Work in an area of specialization to develop systems-level software, working on problems of complex scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Under limited supervision, exercise judgment within defined company procedures and practices to select methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Utilize knowledge of computers and electronics, including computer hardware and software, applications, and programming, as well as knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. Apply knowledge of engineering principles, best practices, and technologies to the design, development, and testing of various company systems and products.

Multiple openings. Qualified applicants click “APPLY NOW” button to apply online.

Travel required: NO

Qualifications: Degree required

Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronic Engineering, or related field.

Qualifications: Amount and type of experience required: None

Specific skills required: The following skills are required:

Position Requires Experience In The Following


Python or Bash;
Machine learning;
TensorFlow;
Git;
JavaScript;
Object-oriented design; and
Software debugging (macOS, Linux, or Unix).



Experience may be gained through graduate-level coursework, research, project, assistantship, or internship experience.

Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance.

AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process.

AMD may use Artificial Intelligence to help screen, assess or select applicants for this position. AMD’s “Responsible AI Policy” is available here.

This posting is for an existing vacancy.


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, San Jose, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

21

total

21

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

86% Entry level candidates

5% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

75

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


25

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about AMD
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Data Center Growth: Accelerate growth in the Data Center segment by increasing sales of AMD Instinct GPUs and AMD EPYC CPUs. The company aims to deliver an annual cadence of leadership AI solutions and expand its high-performance server CPU portfolio.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 17% increase in headcount, indicating a strong focus on research and development, which suggests potential growth in innovative product offerings. Expansion in administrative and sales functions: The 'Administrative' and 'Sales' departments have experienced substantial increases of 219% and 132% respectively, highlighting a strategic push towards strengthening operational support and market reach. Increased focus on business development: The 'Business Development' function has doubled its headcount with a 100% increase, suggesting a concerted effort to explore new markets and partnerships, which could drive future revenue growth. Emerging focus on healthcare services: The 'Healthcare Services' department has seen a remarkable 241% increase in headcount, indicating a new or expanded initiative in this sector, which could present significant growth opportunities.
… more

The latest hiring trend

62,057

Total employees

89%

Company-wide

2 year growth

8%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000

Median employee tenure: 1.5 years

AMD hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

AMD hired 109 people from University of Southern California. See all

AMD hired 604 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is a key player in the semiconductor industry, competing fiercely with Intel and Nvidia. The company has made significant strides in AI technology, securing major deals with Oracle and OpenAI, which positions it strongly against Nvidia. However, AMD faces competitive pressures from the Intel-Nvidia alliance and new entrants like Qualcomm in the data center AI chip market. Strategic innovation and partnerships are crucial for AMD to maintain its competitive edge.
… more

Sources: business.sherbrookerecord.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

AMD

2,115,826 followers

Following

Semiconductor Manufacturing

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

60,180 on LinkedIn

We care deeply about transforming lives with AMD technology to enrich our industry, our communities, and the world. Our mission is to build great products that accelerate next-generation computing experiences – the building blocks for the data center, artificial intelligence, PCs, gaming and embedded. Underpinning our mission is the AMD culture. We push the limits of innovation to solve the world’s most important challenges. We strive for execution excellence while being direct, humble, collaborative, and inclusive of diverse perspectives. 
AMD together we advance_ 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Firmware Audio Engineer

Polaro

San Mateo, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:02 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

LLM Engineer

Prana Tree

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:29 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Full Stack Engineer

Topify.ai

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

3 school alumni work here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:36 AM
17 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Back End Developer, Shopify

PIVOT | Shopify Plus Agency Partner

Mission Viejo, CA (Hybrid)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 2:33 PM
3 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer (Verified job)
Artificial Intelligence Engineer 

Stuut

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

Vision, 401(k)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 2:18 PM
1 day ago

System Engineer

Sonit Systems, LLC

Archbold, OH (On-site)

Medical, 401(k)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 6:41 AM
11 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer

Basic Capital

New York, NY (On-site)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:35 PM
1 day ago

Staff Software Engineer (Verified job)
Staff Software Engineer 

Trellis

United States (Remote)

$220K/yr

 • 

7 benefits

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 22, 2026, 1:24 PM
1 day ago

Infrastructure Engineer - St. Louis Only (Verified job)
Infrastructure Engineer - St. Louis Only 

Lemonaid Health

St Louis, MO (On-site)

$75K/yr

 • 

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 12:34 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Robotics Firmware Engineer

Zenblen

Chicago, IL (On-site)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 9:16 AM
1 day ago

Forward Deployed Engineer

Empromptu.ai

San Francisco Bay Area (Remote)

$100K/yr - $150K/yr

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:44 PM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))