Amdocs

Software Developer 

Plano, TX · 45 minutes ago · 24 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Job ID: 208003

Required Travel :No Travel

Managerial - No

Location: Plano, Tx

Who are we?

Amdocs helps those who build the future to make it amazing. With our market-leading portfolio of software products and services, we unlock our customers’ innovative potential, empowering them to provide next-generation communication and media experiences for both the individual end user and enterprise customers. Our employees around the globe are here to accelerate service providers’ migration to the cloud, enable them to differentiate in the 5G era, and digitalize and automate their operations. Listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, Amdocs had revenue of $5.00 billion in fiscal 2024. For more information, visit www.amdocs.com

At Amdocs, our mission is to empower our employees to 'Live Amazing, Do Amazing' every day. We believe in creating a workplace where you not only excel professionally but also thrive personally. Through our culture of making a real impact, fostering growth, embracing flexibility, and building connections, we enable them to live meaningful lives while making a difference in the world.


Work Location Requirement***


***Position requires employee to work out of customer office in Plano, Tx 5 days a week***


Work Authorization Requirement***


***Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment visa at this time or in the future for this position.***

In one sentence

Responsible for design, development, modification, testing, debugging, and/or maintenance of Artificial Intelligence (AI) software systems.

What will your job look like?


 As an AI Engineer, you will develop AI-driven innovative software applications - design, develop, modify, test & debug and/or maintain software code according to functional, non-functional and technical design specifications.
 You will follow AI trends and Amdocs software engineering standards, applicable software development methodology and release processes, to ensure code is maintainable, scalable, and supportable, and demo the software products to stakeholders.
 You will investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code, provide fixes and workarounds, and review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions.
 You will work within a team, collaborate with customers and add value through participation in peer design/code reviews, provide comments and suggestions, and work with cross functional teams to achieve goals.
 You will assume technical accountability for your specific work products within an application and provide technical support during solution design for new requirements/enhancements.
 You will be encouraged to actively look for innovation, continuous improvement, and efficiency in all assigned tasks.


All you need is...


 Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Science/IT/Computer Science/Computer Engineering or related area.
 2+ year’s experience in developing Generative AI/LLM/Agentic AI-based applications using Python and AI frameworks.
 Demonstrate detailed understanding of AI workflow frameworks - LangGraph, LangChain, AutoGen, CrewAI & Prompt Engineering.
 Hands-on coding expertise using Python, Databricks, RDBMS (SQL) & NO-SQL (MongoDB), Spark/PySpark
 Strong understanding of RESTful APIs, Microservices, Software integration, and Security.
 Familiarity with version control systems and CI/CD pipelines (GitHub, Jenkins)
 Strong problem-solving abilities and attention to details
 Passionate to learn and grow as a strong individual contributor, open to exploring new platforms, skills and coding languages.


Nice to Have


 Kubernetes/Docker and container orchestration knowledge
 Familiarity with python web frameworks – Flask, FastAPIs, Django
 Exposure to cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, etc.)


Why You Will Love This Job


 You will be challenged to design and develop new AI-driven software applications.
 You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever growing opportunities for personal growth.
 We are a dynamic, multi-cultural organization that constantly innovates and empowers our employees to grow. Our people our passionate, daring, and phenomenal teammates that stand by each other with a dedication to creating a diverse, inclusive workplace!
 We offer a wide range of stellar benefits including health, dental, vision, and life insurance as well as paid time off, sick time, and parental leave!


 Amdocs is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Plano, Texas, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

24

total

24

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

92% Entry level candidates

Candidate education level

96

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


4

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Amdocs
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Cloud Migration: Accelerate service providers’ migration to the cloud, enabling them to leverage scalable and flexible infrastructure.

...more

Sources: investors.amdocs.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant focus on engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 112% increase in job openings over the past year, indicating a major initiative in expanding their engineering capabilities. Growth in IT and finance: The 'Information Technology' and 'Finance' departments have experienced a 50% and 83% increase in job openings respectively, suggesting investments in technology infrastructure and financial operations. Expansion in marketing and media: The 'Marketing' and 'Media and Communication' departments have shown a 133% and 300% increase in job openings over the past three months, highlighting a push towards enhancing their marketing and communication strategies. Stable sales growth: The 'Sales' department has a 44% increase in job openings over the past year, indicating a steady focus on expanding their sales force to drive revenue growth.
… more

The latest hiring trend

35,087

Total employees

3%

Company-wide

2 year growth

15%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
25000
50000

Median employee tenure: 5.3 years

Amdocs hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Amdocs hired 9 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Amdocs operates in a highly competitive landscape within the telecommunications, media, and entertainment industries. The company provides software and services that help manage customer relationships, monetize services, and automate network operations. Key competitors offer a range of solutions from billing and customer management to network operations and digital transformation services. Amdocs' ability to innovate and integrate new technologies like AI is crucial for maintaining its market position.
… more

Sources: pestel-analysis.com +1 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Amdocs

1,254,661 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

35,087 on LinkedIn

Who are we?
Amdocs helps those who build the future to make it amazing. With our market-leading portfolio of software products and services, we unlock our customers’ innovative potential, empowering them to provide next-generation communication and media experiences for both the individual end user and enterprise customers. Our employees around the globe are here to accelerate service providers’ migration to the cloud, enable them to differentiate in the 5G era, and digitalize and automate their operations. Listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, Amdocs had revenue of $5.00 billion in fiscal 2024. For more information, visit  http://www.amdocs.com/
 
At Amdocs, our mission is to empower our employees to 'Live Amazing, Do Amazing' every day. We believe in creating a workplace where you not only excel professionally but also thrive personally. Through our culture of making a real impact, fostering growth, embracing flexibility, and building connections, we enable them to live meaningful lives while making a difference in the world.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Firmware Audio Engineer

Polaro

San Mateo, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:02 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

LLM Engineer

Prana Tree

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:29 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Full Stack Engineer

Topify.ai

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

3 school alumni work here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:36 AM
17 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Back End Developer, Shopify

PIVOT | Shopify Plus Agency Partner

Mission Viejo, CA (Hybrid)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 2:33 PM
3 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer

Basic Capital

New York, NY (On-site)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:35 PM
1 day ago

System Engineer

Sonit Systems, LLC

Archbold, OH (On-site)

Medical, 401(k)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 6:41 AM
11 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Software Engineer (Verified job)
Staff Software Engineer 

Trellis

United States (Remote)

$220K/yr

 • 

7 benefits

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 22, 2026, 1:24 PM
1 day ago

Infrastructure Engineer - St. Louis Only (Verified job)
Infrastructure Engineer - St. Louis Only 

Lemonaid Health

St Louis, MO (On-site)

$75K/yr

 • 

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 12:34 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Robotics Firmware Engineer

Zenblen

Chicago, IL (On-site)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 9:16 AM
1 day ago

Forward Deployed Engineer

Empromptu.ai

San Francisco Bay Area (Remote)

$100K/yr - $150K/yr

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:44 PM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Frontend Engineer

Malachyte

New York City Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

$140K/yr - $160K/yr

 • 

Medical, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 8:47 AM
9 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer (Remote)

Refresh

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:44 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))