About the job

Intro

Are you ready to explore a world of possibilities, both at work and during your time off? Join our American Airlines family, and you’ll travel the world, grow your expertise and become the best version of you. As you embark on a new journey, you’ll tackle challenges with flexibility and grace, learning new skills and advancing your career while having the time of your life. Feel free to enrich both your personal and work life and hop on board!

Why you'll love this job

Responsible for leveraging cutting edge technology to solve business problems at American Airlines by participating in all phases of the development process from inception through transition, advocating the agile process and test-driven development, using object-oriented development tools to analyze, model, design, construct and test reusable objects, and improving the codebase.

What You'll Do

As noted above, this list is intended to reflect the current job but there may be additional essential functions (and certainly non-essential job functions) that are not referenced. Management will modify the job or require other tasks be performed whenever it is deemed appropriate to do so, observing, of course, any legal obligations including any collective bargaining obligations.


Collaborates with leaders, business analysts, project managers, IT architects, technical leads and other developers, along with internal customers, to understand needs and develop solutions according to business requirements
Maintains and enhances existing enterprise services, applications, and platforms using domain driven design and test-driven development
Troubleshoots and debugs complex issues; identifies and implements solutions
Assists with creation of detailed project specifications, requirements, and estimates; ensures tasks and projects are completed on time and within scope
Works with software architects to ensure decisions meet long-term enterprise growth needs
Supports the development of coding standards and adheres to best practices and security guidelines
Researches and implements new technologies to enhance current processes, security, and performance


All you'll need for success

Minimum Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Technology, Information Systems (CIS/MIS), Engineering or related technical discipline.
1+ years of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) experience
Knowledge of Java, Python, Azure Cloud fundamentals, DevOps fundamentals


Preferred Qualifications- Education & Prior Job Experience


Airline industry experience, including business processes and supporting technology desired
2+ years Java or Python experiences.
1+ years in DevOps using Git, Azure DevOps, CI/CD pipeline
Experience with Azure Portal, Azure Cloud fundamental such as VM, storage, AKS, Virtual Network, Azure Monitoring tools
Experience in using Git Co-Pilot or other GenAI code accelerators in development.


Skills, Licenses & Certifications


Good written and verbal communication. Be able to translate complex technical concepts into digestible language for teammates and clients.
Must be a team-player.
Experience with Agile project management methodology.
Demonstrated initiative, flexibility, accountability, and ability to adapt to changing priorities and work environments
Possess a keen desire to learn and expand depth of knowledge
 Ability to analyze complex problems and implement solutions and/or workarounds
 Azure Cloud Fundamental certificate is a plus
 Proficiency in Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio)


What You'll Get

Feel free to take advantage of all that American Airlines has to offer:


Travel Perks: Ready to explore the world? You, your family and your friends can reach 365 destinations on more than 6,800 daily flights across our global network. 
Health Benefits: On day one, you’ll have access to your health, dental, prescription and vision benefits to help you stay well. And that’s just the start, we also offer virtual doctor visits, flexible spending accounts and more. 
Wellness Programs: We want you to be the best version of yourself – that’s why our wellness programs provide you with all the right tools, resources and support you need. 
401(k) Program: Available upon hire and, depending on the workgroup, employer contributions to your 401(k) program are available after one year. 
Additional Benefits: Other great benefits include our Employee Assistance Program, pet insurance and discounts on hotels, cars, cruises and more


Feel free to be yourself at American

From the team members we hire to the customers we serve, inclusion and diversity are the foundation of the dynamic workforce at American Airlines. Our 20+ Employee Business Resource Groups are focused on connecting our team members to our customers, suppliers, communities and shareholders, helping team members reach their full potential and creating an inclusive work environment to meet and exceed the needs of our diverse world.

Are you ready to feel a tremendous sense of pride and satisfaction as you do your part to keep the largest airline in the world running smoothly as we care for people on life’s journey? Feel free to be yourself at American.