Apple

Software Integration Engineer 

Cupertino, CA · 4 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$141.8K/yr - $213.7K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Chris and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Summary

Apple is where individual imaginations gather together, committing to the values that lead to great work. Every new product we build, service we create, or Apple Store experience we deliver is the result of us making each other’s ideas stronger. That happens because every one of us shares a belief that we can make something wonderful and share it with the world, changing lives for the better. It’s the diversity of our people and their thinking that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do. When we bring everybody in, we can do the best work of our lives. Here, you’ll do more than join something — you’ll add something.nnThe Siri Engineering Operations team is looking for a Software Integration Engineer to facilitate the flow of source code throughout the development lifecycle. We need someone to coordinate software submissions, develop and drive new processes collaboratively, effectively communicate across teams and organizations, and perform some build engineering tasks to help us release the highest quality Siri experiences across all of Apple’s platforms.

Description

A successful integration engineer will be expected to solve problems and resolve complex software integration issues across multiple teams and projects. They will contribute to developing and maintaining the tools and processes while building upon our existing CI/CD workflows in an effort to support the ability for engineering teams to iterate quickly and confidently, protecting the high quality standards for our software. We are looking for someone who can collaborate cross functionally and is willing to drive organized and well documented process and policy changes from idea to fully implemented.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in a software engineering-related discipline, or equivalent experience.nFamiliar with software development lifecycle including CI/CD and agile developmentnExperience with git source control management

Preferred Qualifications

Excellent verbal and written interpersonal skillsnA willingness to take ownership of projects and drive them to completionnPassionate about the DevOps and software automationnCreative thinker and strong problem solver with meticulous attention to detailnProficient in scripting languages such as Python and BashnmacOS, iOS, or UNIX development experience

Pay & Benefits

At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $141,800 and $213,700, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.u003cbru003eu003cbru003eApple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. u003ca href='https://www.apple.com/careers/us/benefits.html' target='_blank' aria-label='Learn more about Apple Benefits (Opens in new window)'u003eLearn more about Apple Benefits.u003cspan class='icon icon-after icon-external' aria-hidden='true'u003eu003c/spanu003eu003c/au003eu003cbru003eu003cbru003eNote: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.u003cbru003e


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Integration Engineer, Cupertino, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

184

total

184

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

82% Entry level candidates

9% Senior level candidates

1% CXO level candidates

1% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level

69

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


28

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


2

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Apple
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Product Innovation: Apple continues to focus on product innovation, launching new models of iPhone, Mac, iPad, and Apple Watch, as well as updates to its operating systems. Significant announcements in 2025 included the iPhone 17 series, MacBook Pro, and Apple Watch Series 11.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in sales: The 'Sales' department has seen a 16% increase in employee count, indicating a strong focus on expanding their sales capabilities and market reach. Expansion in administrative roles: The 'Administrative' department has experienced a 31% increase in headcount, suggesting new initiatives in operational support and internal management. Healthcare services focus: The 'Healthcare Services' department has grown by 41%, highlighting a major push into healthcare-related initiatives and services. Education and accounting growth: The 'Education' and 'Accounting' departments have increased by 28% and 24% respectively, indicating investments in educational programs and financial management.
… more

The latest hiring trend

167,776

Total employees

12%

Company-wide

2 year growth

8%

Quality Assurance

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
100000
200000

Median employee tenure: 4.8 years

Apple hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Apple hired 467 people from University of Southern California. See all

Apple hired 2,593 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Apple operates in a highly competitive landscape, facing significant competition from technology giants such as Samsung, Google, and Microsoft. The company leverages its strong focus on innovation, particularly in services and AI, to differentiate itself. Apple's strategic adaptation, including supply chain resilience and a privacy-centric AI roadmap, positions it uniquely in the market. However, it must continuously navigate market saturation, competitive pressures, and evolving consumer expectations to maintain its leadership position.
… more

Sources: sahmcapital.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Apple

18,043,619 followers

Follow

Computers and Electronics Manufacturing

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

167,823 on LinkedIn

We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And the same innovation that goes into our products also applies to our practices — strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. This is where your work can make a difference in people’s lives. Including your own.

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Visit apple.com/careers to learn more.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Staff Software Engineer

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $200K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:55 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Distributed Systems Software Engineer

Stealth AI CyberSecurity Startup

Brooklyn, NY (On-site)

$180K/yr - $250K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 19, 2025, 11:00 AM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Embedded Software Engineer (C/C# .NET)

ADMET

Norwood, MA (On-site)

$100K/yr - $120K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:15 PM
44 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

ITOps / DevOps Engineer (Contract, Convertible to Full-Time)

Sage Care

Palo Alto, CA (Hybrid)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on December 5, 2025, 9:08 PM
1 month ago

Founding iOS Engineer (Verified job)
Founding iOS Engineer 

Second Nature Computing

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$150K/yr - $190K/yr + Stock options

Posted on January 4, 2026, 3:25 PM
1 week ago

Deployed UAV Systems Engineer III (Verified job)
Deployed UAV Systems Engineer III 

Platform Aerospace

Blackstone, VA (On-site)

5 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 8, 2026, 11:06 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer - New Grad

Valon

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
12 hours ago

Senior Platform Engineer

Infocusp Innovations

Mountain View, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 28, 2025, 10:12 PM
2 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Embedded Firmware Engineer (Verified job)
Embedded Firmware Engineer 

Wright Electric

Albany, New York Metropolitan Area (On-site)

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 12, 2026, 9:12 AM
3 days ago

Associate Software Engineer

Cabana

New York City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

4 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 14, 2026, 5:14 PM
21 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

Valon

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

$140K/yr - $200K/yr

 • 

1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
12 hours ago

Software Engineer, Infrastructure

Scaled Cognition

San Jose, CA (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $350K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 7:08 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))