About the job

About Bevel

Bevel is the #1 AI Health Companion with over 500,000 downloads globally. We help people make smarter decisions about their health every day by bringing together data across sleep, recovery, activity, nutrition, and more, and turning it into real-time, personalized guidance. Whether you're training for something big or just trying to feel better, Bevel helps you move with clarity and confidence.

We’re a small team of builders and creatives based in NYC. We are extremely passionate about our craft and view Bevel as part of our life’s work. We care deeply about maintaining harmony in all aspects of life and know when to work hard and when to take breaks.

Bevel launched last year, and we’ve been lucky to see incredible growth and support from our users. We’re looking for incredible Backend Engineers to help us build an ambitious roadmap. You’ll get an opportunity to shape the future of Bevel and have full ownership and creative freedom to create your life’s work.

Responsibilities


Ship features across the entire backend stack, from data infra to product endpoints
Build extensible and robust business logic for processing health data
Prototype, productionize, and run experiments to improve accuracy, speed, and cost of AI/ML models. 
Establish best practices for scalability, security, testing, and ML ops (model versioning, monitoring, alerting)
Continuously iterate on the engineering process and culture


Requirements


At least 2 years of experience
Experience designing, building, and running a large-scale backend system
Expertise coding in Typescript or Python
Strong intuition for algorithms and working with data
Brilliant at math and statistics
Obsessive with your craft
Great at communicating ideas
A strong bias for action
Know when to ask for help and how to help others
Excited about improving the health & fitness of others


Benefits


Exciting work environment
Competitive salary & equity
Health, dental, and vision insurance
Commuter benefits
Paid lunch and dinner when in the office
Work-life balance
Pet-friendly office in Chelsea
Unlimited PTO
401k plan
Visa sponsorship if applicable


⠀

Bevel celebrates and embraces diversity and is committed to building a team that represents a variety of experiences, backgrounds, and skills. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, marital status, age, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Compensation Range: $120K - $200K