Bio-Techne

Software Engineer 

Minneapolis, MN · 3 minutes ago · 16 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$87.6K/yr - $144K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

By joining Bio-Techne, you’ll join a company with a powerful and positive purpose of enabling cutting-edge research in Life Sciences and Clinical Diagnostics. Bio-Techne, and all of its brands, provides tools for researchers to further treat and prevent disease worldwide.

Pay Range

$87,600.00 - $144,000.00

Position Summary

The Software Developer is responsible for development and administration of software systems. Interacts with management and staff including IT, Development, QC and Operations.

Essential Functions


Provide troubleshooting expertise and support for open source systems
Perform programming and design work for development and enhancement of software systems
Provide end-user application support quickly and on-demand including troubleshooting and resolution
Interface with key IT and non-IT personnel on integration of system processes to ensure optimal laboratory operations
Adhere to and help enforce the software development life cycle
Work within current IT processes related to management of source code, change control processes, security best practices, code walkthroughs and development standards
Participate in weekly sprint planning and daily sprint meetings
Work in conjunction with infrastructure and technology teams to deploy scalable, redundant, secure and DR compliant applications
Interface with customer and agency inspections as directed by QA management
Perform additional duties as assigned.


JOB SPECIFICATIONS

Education And Experience

This position requires a bachelors degree in computer science. Must have experience in server administration, database development, and development of web-based user interfaces. Tool set includes: Linux, SQL, Ruby on Rails, Python, Perl, PHP, Javascript, HTML. Must work well independently, with other developers, and with individuals across the company

Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities


Knowledge of open source programming languages. For example: PHP, Ruby on Rails, Perl.
Knowledge of MySQL database development and administration
Knowledge of SQL database querying and reporting
Knowledge of Linux administration
Knowledge of lab validation processes pertaining to cGMP, cGxP and 21 CFR part 11
Skill in creating and executing test plans based on user feedback and issue reports
Skill to communicate professionally, both oral and written
Skill in planning such as identifying and organizing action steps to achieve a task
Skill to define a problem, identify root causes resulting in solutions
Skill at self-motivation and completing tasks in a timely manner
Skill at documenting procedures and configurations that are clear, concise, and easy to understand
Ability to work cooperatively within a group and with employees at distant locations across the global Bio-Techne business
Ability to organize, prioritize and respond to multiple project tasks and deadlines
Ability to work with interruptions as problems arise needing immediate attention
Ability to maintain up-to-date knowledge on technology trends and to support innovative technologies in accordance with business goals


Why Join Bio-Techne


We offer competitive insurance benefits starting on day one: medical, dental, vision, life, short-term disability, long-term disability, pet, and legal and ID shield.
We invest in our employees’ financial futures through 401k plans, an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP), Health Saving Account (HSA), Flexible Spending Account (FSA), and Dependent Care FSA.
We empower our employees develop their careers through mentorship, promotional opportunities, training and development, tuition reimbursement, internship programs, and more.
We offer employee resource groups, volunteer paid time off, employee events, and charity drives to build a culture of caring and belonging. 
We offer an accrued leave policy with paid holidays, paid time off, and paid parental leave.
We foster a culture of empowerment and innovation, where employees feel valued and encouraged to bring their new ideas to the table.


Bio-Techne is an E-Verify Employer in the United States. 

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

To protect the interests of all, Bio-Techne will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than a candidate application. Any unsolicited resumes sent to Bio-Techne will be considered Bio-Techne property.
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

16

total

16

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

75% Entry level candidates

Candidate education level

71

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


29

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Bio-Techne
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Innovation in Life Sciences Tools: Bio-Techne focuses on providing innovative tools and bioactive reagents for the research and clinical diagnostic communities. This includes developing new technologies and products to assist scientific investigations into biological processes and disease progression.

...more

Sources: investors.bio-techne.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Growth in Research and Development: The 'Research' department has seen a 7% increase in headcount, indicating a strong focus on innovation and development of new products or technologies. Expansion in Operations and Quality Assurance: Both 'Operations' and 'Quality Assurance' departments have experienced an 11% increase in headcount, suggesting efforts to enhance operational efficiency and product quality. Significant increase in Legal and Healthcare Services: The 'Legal' department has grown by 71% and 'Healthcare Services' by 24%, reflecting potential new regulatory challenges and expansion in healthcare-related initiatives. Focus on Education and Real Estate: The 'Education' department has seen a 41% increase and 'Real Estate' a 40% increase, indicating new initiatives in training and property management.
… more

The latest hiring trend

2,981

Total employees

11%

Company-wide

2 year growth

19%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 2697 to 2981.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
2000
4000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 3.6 years

Bio-Techne hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Bio-Techne hired 2 people from University of Southern California. See all

Bio-Techne hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Bio-Techne Corporation operates in a highly competitive biotechnology sector, characterized by continuous innovation and intense competition. The company focuses on developing biotech reagents, instruments, and clinical diagnostic products. Strategic initiatives such as divestitures and acquisitions help Bio-Techne sharpen its focus on high-growth areas within research and diagnostics, positioning it well against competitors like Illumina, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and Danaher Corporation.
… more

Sources: pestel-analysis.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Bio-Techne

71,566 followers

Follow

Biotechnology Research

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

2,163 on LinkedIn

Bio-Techne is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota and employs over 3,000 people globally at 34 locations worldwide. As a global developer, manufacturer and supplier of high-quality reagents, analytical instruments and precision diagnostics, Bio-Techne has an extensive catalog of over 500,000 products.  ​

Incorporated in 1981 as R&D Systems, the company changed its name to Bio-Techne in 2014. Our growth has been accelerated through acquisitions, organic investments, diversification of our customer base and expansion into new markets. In fiscal year 2023, Bio-Techne delivered net sales of over $1.1 billion. ​

​Bio-Techne includes the following brands: ACD, Asuragen, ExosomeDx, Lunaphore, Novus Biologicals, ProteinSimple, R&D Systems and Tocris Bioscience. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))