bioMérieux

Software Engineer I 

Salt Lake City, UT · 6 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$82K/yr - $102K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Description

Description: 

Software Engineers write and maintain client-based and web-based scientific and business application software. They are expected to understand bioMérieux’s core technology, business, and the enterprise systems that enable them. When working on software projects, they are expected to understand the specifications and schedules under which the project operates. They should work efficiently with the development and test engineering groups to produce high quality software by coding to industry standards, writing unit and regression tests intended to run on continuous integration build servers, effectively utilizing the development tools, and contributing to software design documents. When specifications are incorrect, inconsistent, or could be improved, they should discuss changes with Technical Project Managers. They are expected to check in their source code and unit tests to source control on a regular basis. They should work actively with their teams to move software through the Quality System. This includes development, automated testing, data, DevOps, Front-end, back-end and Full stack.

Level I software engineers write and maintain client-based and web-based scientific and business application software. They are expected to learn BioFire Diagnostics’ core technology, business, and the enterprise systems that enable them. When working on software projects, engineers are expected to understand the specifications and schedules under which the project operates. They should work efficiently with the development and test engineering groups to produce high quality software by coding to industry standards, writing unit and regression tests intended to run on continuous integration build servers, and effectively utilizing the development tools. When specifications are incorrect or inconsistent, they should discuss changes with project managers.

Primary Duties Include


Perform all work in compliance with company policy and within the guidelines of bioMérieux's Quality System. 
Understand bioMérieux's mission, values, and core technologies. 
Read and interpret software specifications and implement software according to those specifications. 
Maintain bioMérieux's software products. 
Write unit tests for all code development activities. 
Complete projects on time with supervision from the project manager. 
Continually update technical knowledge and skills. 
Participate effectively in technical code reviews as both a reviewer and reviewee. 
Communicate roadblocks to project managers or technical leads. 
Foster a collaborative and cooperative work environment. 
Work with software test engineering group to help verify software products. 
Participate in design discussions and implement software design decisions. 
Determine effort required for implementation of software design. 


Education And Experience Requirements


Bachelor’s degree
2+ years of experience may include working in software development, system development, engineering, scientific or mathematical fields, or working in a technical academic setting
Experience with programming
Experience with Windows OS, source code, defect tracking, and build systems experience preferred


Knowledge, Skills, Abilities


Consistently upholds and reflects the core ethical principles and values that bioMérieux promotes. 
Troubleshooting issues to identify and resolve problems efficiently
Solution oriented in the face of conflict
Ability to work cross-functionally allowing for better collaboration and communication when working across teams to achieve shared objectives
Build and maintain positive, productive interactions with colleagues
Participate in a way that enhances team performance and cohesion. 
Basic: demonstrates fundamental awareness and can perform routine tasks with guidance


The estimated salary range for this role is between $82,000 and $102,000. This role is eligible to receive a variable annual bonus based on company, team, and individual performance per bioMerieux’s bonus program. This range may differ from ranges offered for similar positions elsewhere in the country given differences in cost of living. Actual compensation within this range is determined based on the successful candidate’s experience and will be presented in writing at the time of the offer.

In addition, bioMérieux offers a competitive Total Rewards package that may include:


 A choice of medical (including prescription), dental, and vision plans providing nationwide coverage and telemedicine options
 Company-Provided Life and Accidental Death Insurance
 Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
 Retirement Plan including a generous non-discretionary employer contribution and employer match. 
 Adoption Assistance
 Wellness Programs
 Employee Assistance Program
 Commuter Benefits
 Various voluntary benefit offerings
 Discount programs
 Parental leaves


Please be aware that recruitment related scams are on the rise. Fraudulent job postings are being placed on other websites, and individuals posing as bioMérieux Talent Acquisition team members are reaching out via email or text message in an attempt to collect your personal and confidential information. In some cases, these scammers are also conducting bogus interviews prior to extending fraudulent offers of employment. Beware of individuals reaching out using general phone numbers and non-bioMerieux email domains (i.e. Hotmail.com, Gmail.com, Yahoo.com, etc.). If you are concerned that an interview experience or offer of employment might be a scam, please make sure you are searching for the posting on our careers site https://careers.biomerieux.com/ or contact us at [email protected].

BioMérieux Inc. and its affiliates are Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. Please be advised that the receipt of satisfactory responses to reference requests and the provision of satisfactory proof of an applicant’s identity and legal authorization to work in the United States are required of all new hires. Any misrepresentation, falsification, or material omission may result in the failure to receive an offer, the retraction of an offer, or if already hired, dismissal. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation in BioMérieux’s or its affiliates’ application process by contacting us via telephone at (385) 770-1132, by email at [email protected], or by dialing 711 for access to Telecommunications Relay Services (TRS).
… more

Benefits found in job post

Disability insurance, Commuter benefits

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Salt Lake City, Utah, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

355

total

355

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

88% Entry level candidates

8% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

85

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


14

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about bioMérieux
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Innovation in Diagnostics: bioMérieux focuses on developing innovative diagnostic solutions to improve public health, such as the IDEA™ STEC for detecting Shigatoxin-producing E. coli.

...more

Sources: biomerieux.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on Arts and Design: The 'Arts and Design' department has seen a 15% increase in employee count, indicating a significant investment in creative and design initiatives. Growth in Quality Assurance: The 'Quality Assurance' department has experienced a 6% increase in headcount, suggesting a focus on improving product quality and compliance. Expansion in Research: The 'Research' department has grown by 5%, highlighting an emphasis on innovation and development of new products or technologies. Increase in Media and Communication: The 'Media and Communication' department has seen a 5% rise in employee count, pointing to enhanced efforts in marketing and public relations.
… more

The latest hiring trend

12,855

Total employees

8%

Company-wide

2 year growth

7%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 11862 to 12855.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
10000
20000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 5.8 years

bioMérieux hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

bioMérieux hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

bioMérieux hired 9 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

bioMérieux operates in a highly competitive landscape within the diagnostics and biotechnology sectors. The company is known for its innovative solutions in microbiological testing and diagnostics, particularly in the areas of infectious diseases and oncology. It faces significant competition from major players like Abbott Laboratories, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, and Becton, Dickinson and Company, who are also leaders in the in-vitro diagnostics market. Strategic partnerships, mergers, and acquisitions are common strategies employed by these companies to expand their market reach and product portfolios.
… more

Sources: datainsightsmarket.com +1 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

bioMérieux

399,637 followers

Follow

Biotechnology Research

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

12,851 on LinkedIn

A family-owned company, bioMérieux has grown to become a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics. Our entrepreneurial adventure, begun over a century ago, is driven by an unrelenting commitment to improve public health worldwide. 

Since 1963, we've been paving the way in the field of in vitro diagnostics and have contributed greatly to improving public health and making the world a healthier place.

The solutions that our teams imagine, develop and manufacture are key to enable healthcare professionals and industry players to make confident decisions to improve patient outcome and ensure consumer safety.
… more

Commitments

Diversity, equity, and inclusion

We are convinced that the diversity of our teams fosters innovation along with competitive differentiation and supports our ability to achieve our public health mission.
… more

Environmental sustainability

We implement environmentally responsible actions to preserve the planet as a healthy place to live.

Career growth and learning

In a world of constant change, professional training, talent management and in-house mobility and promotion remain our priorities. That’s why we work to predict how skills needs will develop and ensure lifelong learning for employees.
… more

Work-life balance

We actively promote the health, safety and quality of life at work of our team members every single day.

Social impact

Because our purpose is to increase our positive impact by building healthier, more resilient communities, our responsibility extends across our entire value chain (all the way from purchasing to distribution). 

That’s why we build long-term relationships with our suppliers and distributors and include them in our public health commitment.

We are also actively involved towards local communities to support the most vulnerable and take part in social initiatives in partnership with associations and NGOs.
… more

Learn more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
Company photos
More jobs

Webmaster

J2K Consultant Services LLC

Annapolis Junction, MD (On-site)

Posted on January 30, 2026, 10:36 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer - Embedded

RideController

Kansas City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:23 PM
11 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

Scint AI

United States (Remote)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on February 1, 2026, 2:30 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Backend & Infrastructure Engineer (Equity-Only)

TwinWise AI

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 31, 2026, 7:00 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer (Verified job)
Software Engineer 

Harry's, Inc.

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$110K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:17 PM
17 minutes ago

Senior/Staff Software Engineer, Product & Systems

Lightfield

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$200K/yr - $300K/yr

 • 

Medical, 401(k)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 4:12 PM
3 days ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

Chewy

Boston, MA (On-site)

$103K/yr - $164.5K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:17 PM
17 minutes ago

Clinical Software Engineer I (on-site) (Verified job)
Clinical Software Engineer I (on-site) 

Abbott Laboratories

Los Angeles, CA

$73.9K/yr - $116K/yr

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 1:24 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer Full Stack & Application Development I (Intern) – United States (Verified job)
Software Engineer Full Stack & Application Development I (Intern) – United States 

Cisco

Boston, MA (On-site)

Vision, 401(k), +1 benefit

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:17 PM
17 minutes ago

Software Engineer

Zolo Carbon Smartech

Louisville, CO (On-site)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:07 PM
27 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full-Stack Software Engineer (Verified job)
Full-Stack Software Engineer 

Divergent

Los Angeles, CA

$118.7K/yr - $160.3K/yr

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 1:02 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer (Embedded & Application Development, US Citizen Only)

IST PRECISION

Mooresville, NC (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Posted on February 1, 2026, 5:34 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))