BlackRock

Python Developer, Associate / Chicago, IL 

Chicago, IL · 6 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

About This Role

About This Role 

We are a dynamic, data-driven team at the intersection of finance and technology.

As a software engineer, you will build applications and processes to help drive business growth. This position requires strong programming skills, analytical thinking, and a passion for learning. You will collaborate with experienced engineers to develop and improve software systems.

Role Responsibilities


Design, code, test, and support reliable, robust software applications and services that meet high-quality standards 
Participate in cross-functional feature requirements gathering, design, and implementation 
Collaborate with product management to prioritize and organize development sprints 
Perform code reviews and provide timely, constructive feedback to fellow engineers 


Key Qualifications 


2–5 years of experience in Python programming 
Hands-on experience with AWS (RDS, EC2, serverless) and Open Container Initiative (OCI) container packaging and runtime 
Strong background in mathematics, algorithms, logic, and statistics 
Extensive database experience (MySQL preferred; SQL/Postgres also valuable)
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or STEM field 


Relevant Experience


Proficiency with Python packages, such as Pandas, NumPy, DashApps 
Interest and knowledge in finance, particularly Options, Stocks, and Bonds


For Chicago, IL Only the salary range for this position is USD$120,000.00 - USD$148,000.00 . Additionally, employees are eligible for an annual discretionary bonus, and benefits including healthcare, leave benefits, and retirement benefits. BlackRock operates a pay-for-performance compensation philosophy and your total compensation may vary based on role, location, and firm, department and individual performance.

Our Benefits

To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.

Our hybrid work model

BlackRock’s hybrid work model is designed to enable a culture of collaboration and apprenticeship that enriches the experience of our employees, while supporting flexibility for all. Employees are currently required to work at least 4 days in the office per week, with the flexibility to work from home 1 day a week. Some business groups may require more time in the office due to their roles and responsibilities. We remain focused on increasing the impactful moments that arise when we work together in person – aligned with our commitment to performance and innovation. As a new joiner, you can count on this hybrid model to accelerate your learning and onboarding experience here at BlackRock.

About BlackRock

At BlackRock, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.

This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.

For additional information on BlackRock, please visit @blackrock | Twitter: @blackrock | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock

BlackRock is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees, and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEOC’s Know Your Rights poster and its supplement and the pay transparency statement.

BlackRock is committed to full inclusion of all qualified individuals and to providing reasonable accommodations or job modifications for individuals with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation/adjustments are needed throughout the employment process, please email Disability.Assistance@blackrock.com. All requests are treated in line with our privacy policy.

BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Python Developer, Chicago, Illinois, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

355

total

355

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

86% Entry level candidates

9% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

88

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


10

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about BlackRock
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Expansion in Private Markets: BlackRock is focused on expanding its private markets platform, including infrastructure, private credit, real estate, private equity, and multi-alternatives. The acquisitions of GIP, HPS, and Preqin are expected to enhance its private markets investment and data capabilities.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in Business Development: The 'Business Development' function has seen a 26% increase in headcount, indicating a strong focus on expanding business opportunities and partnerships. Expansion in Research and Arts and Design: The 'Research' and 'Arts and Design' functions have experienced a 27% and 38% increase in headcount respectively, suggesting new initiatives in innovation and creative projects. Steady growth in Operations and Program Management: The 'Operations' and 'Program and Project Management' functions have grown by 23% and 22% respectively, highlighting a focus on improving operational efficiency and project execution. Increased focus on Healthcare Services: The 'Healthcare Services' function has seen a 27% increase in headcount, indicating a potential new initiative or expansion in healthcare-related projects.
… more

The latest hiring trend

32,474

Total employees

33%

Company-wide

2 year growth

114%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 24426 to 32474.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
20000
40000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 3.3 years

BlackRock hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

BlackRock hired 19 people from University of Southern California. See all

BlackRock hired 263 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

BlackRock operates in a highly competitive financial landscape, leveraging its immense scale and market influence. The company is a leader in sustainable investing and the ETF market, with significant advancements in private credit, infrastructure, and digital assets. Despite its dominant position, BlackRock faces intense competition from other global asset managers and must continuously innovate to maintain its competitive edge.
… more

Sources: rankred.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

BlackRock

2,831,563 followers

Follow

Financial Services

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

32,474 on LinkedIn

BlackRock is a global asset manager and technology provider dedicated to helping more and more people experience financial well-being.  

We help millions of people invest to build savings that serve them throughout their lives. We always start with our clients’ needs and look to offer them more quality choices for how and where to invest their money. 
 
Our global investments platform offers our clients access to the world’s markets while making investing easier and more affordable. And with offices in more than 40 countries, our global expertise helps them navigate changing markets to stay ahead of the curve. 

Follow us for global insights shaping the economy, conversations about financial well-being and more information on culture and careers at BlackRock.

https://bit.ly/3n6Fxdy
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Founding Full Stack Engineer

Stealth Vertical AI Startup

New York, NY (On-site)

$130K/yr - $190K/yr

 • 

3 benefits

Posted on January 30, 2026, 8:24 AM
6 hours ago

Python Developer

THOUGHT BYTE

Newport Beach, CA (On-site)

Posted on January 30, 2026, 10:23 AM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Systems Engineer

BCubed Engineering Corporation

Warrenton, VA (Hybrid)

Vision benefit

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:46 PM
14 minutes ago

Software Development Engineer I

Mercor

United States (Remote)

$50/hr - $150/hr

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:56 PM
4 minutes ago

Software Engineer – AI Expert

Mercor

United States (Remote)

$50/hr - $150/hr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:56 PM
4 minutes ago

Artificial Intelligence Engineer (Verified job)
Artificial Intelligence Engineer 

AIDA

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 22, 2025, 8:48 AM
1 month ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Software Engineer

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $200K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:55 PM
1 month ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Python Developer (Verified job)
Python Developer 

New York Technology Partners

San Ramon, CA (On-site)

Posted on January 30, 2026, 1:37 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, New Grad (2026 Start) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, New Grad (2026 Start) 

Zip

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

$140K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 1:18 PM
1 hour ago

Python Developer (Verified job)
Python Developer 

Aceolution

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 30, 2026, 1:13 AM
13 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer (entry) (Verified job)
Software Engineer (entry) 

Jerry

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

401(k) benefit

Posted on January 30, 2026, 11:16 AM
3 hours ago

Python Developer

Bright Vision Technologies

United States (Remote)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:25 PM
35 minutes ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))