Brellium

Software Engineer - AI

New York, NY · 11 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

About Brellium

Brellium's mission is a big one – to improve the standard of care across the US healthcare system. We’ve built AI-powered technology that helps healthcare providers deliver safer, higher-quality care - starting with the first real-time medical review platform built to fix clinical and compliance risks before they impact patients.

Each year, 1 in 20 people in the U.S. experiences a medical diagnostic or compliance-related mistake. Most providers lack the time, staffing, and tools to mitigate these issues - so they go unnoticed, impacting care quality and increasing clinical and financial risk.

Brellium is building the AI-powered platform that helps providers deliver safer, more consistent care by mitigating risk early and aligning patient visits with clinical best practices. Our goal is to give every provider in the U.S. the tools to deliver clinically excellent, data-driven care - at scale.

Brellium was founded in 2021. Since then, we’ve grown to serve over 250,000 providers across all 50 states who use Brellium to take better care of their patients and ensure data-driven, compliant care. We’re a Series A company with over $16MM in funding from First Round Capital, Left Lane Capital, and Menlo Ventures.

About The Role

We’re looking for a passionate Backend or Fullstack Developer to help build and scale the core systems that power Brellium’s platform. For this role, we value prior experience deploying or integrating AI models into real-world applications. You’ll play a key role in shaping the technology that supports our AI-driven medical review platform and contributes directly to improving patient care across the U.S.

What You’ll Do At Brellium


Work closely with Product to integrate modern LLMs into real-world applications
Design and build systems end-to-end, touching everything from data pipelines to user interfaces
Design and build AI-centric systems end-to-end, optimized for performance and reliability
Build evaluation pipelines and define metrics to measure AI agents and workflows, ensuring robustness and continuous improvement
Deliver high-quality features quickly through strong execution, collaboration, and adaptability
Contribute to a fast-moving, highly collaborative environment where your ideas directly impact how care is delivered


You’ll Be Great For This Role If You


Have 0-6 years of experience as a Software Engineer (Bonus if you hold a master’s degree with a focus on AI or a related field)
Are proficient in Python and TypeScript
Have a track record of developing AI applications and architecting AI-centric systems that deliver real-world impact
Are proficient with modern AI frameworks and APIs, such as LangChain and LlamaIndex
Love to keep up to date with new models / tools and their application to real world, high-impact use cases
Have strong problem-solving skills and a bias toward action, tackling ambiguous challenges head-on
Are proficient with SQL and relational databases, and comfortable owning end-to-end data workflows
Are experienced with AWS deployments and have experience with modern LLMs (bonus for React/Next.js)
Thrive in fast-paced, high-impact startup environments
Communicate effectively and collaborate across teams
Are excited to grow with an early-stage company over the next several years, taking on increasing responsibility, helping shape the team, and contributing directly to the company’s success


We are committed to offering a comprehensive and competitive total rewards package, including robust health benefits, commuter benefits, and meaningful ownership opportunities through equity. Compensation decisions are made holistically, ensuring fairness and alignment with market benchmarks while recognizing individual contributions and potential.

Benefits Offered Include


401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Equity Compensation
Dinner Provided via DoorDash & stocked kitchen for NY employees
Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage
HSA / FSA
11 paid holidays each year
Unlimited PTO
Training and professional development
Hybrid Work Schedule (4 days onsite, 3 if located > 1 hour away)


What it means to be "One of Us"

Bias to Action: Brellium teammates do not wait to make reversible decisions or seek unnecessary approval. We quickly decide and move forward. If the decision was incorrect, we quickly reverse it and move forward.

Thinks for themselves: Brellium teammates do not take things at face value. We ask "why" until base truth is reached. If a better solution is present, Brellium teammates use it, regardless of status quo.

Negative Maintenance: The opposite of high maintenance isn’t low maintenance - it’s negative maintenance. Brellium teammates are poised under pressure, self-motivated, self-improving, self-disciplined, self-aware, and non-defensive.

Expect Excellence: We hold ourselves to exceptionally high and continuously rising standards. We strive for thoughtfulness in our decision making, and for speed and quality in our execution. We acknowledge trade-offs and communicate proactively.

Communicate with Clarity: Brellium teammates communicate concisely, directly, and purposefully. We optimize for ensuring our points are easily understood the first time.

We are aware of fraudulent job offers claiming to be from Brellium. All legitimate communication comes from brellium.com, or no-reply@ashbyhq.com, and we will never ask for money or sensitive personal information as part of our hiring process. If there are any questions please direct them to peter@brellium.com
… more

Benefits found in job post

Commuter benefits, 401(k)

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, New York, New York, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

367

total

367

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

73% Entry level candidates

10% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

75

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


21

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


3

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Brellium
Powered by Bing

The latest hiring trend

75

Total employees

477%

Company-wide

2 year growth

33%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50
100

Median employee tenure: 0.7 years

Brellium hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Brellium hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

Brellium hired 2 people from University of Southern California. See all

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Brellium

6,048 followers

Follow

Hospitals and Health Care

 • 

51-200 employees

 • 

74 on LinkedIn

Clinical teams trust Brellium to reduce compliance risks, improve quality, and save time. By automatically auditing every patient visit against clinical and payer requirements, Brellium helps you proactively identify and fix documentation errors. With Brellium, you can rest easy knowing your clinic is compliant and nothing slips through the cracks.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

ML Researcher (PhD student or Post Doc)

Mimir

New York, NY (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 11:08 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior AOSP Engineer

Cyber Dive

Mesa, AZ (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 8:48 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Development Engineer II (Verified job)
Software Development Engineer II 

Kognitiv Edge

Minneapolis, MN (On-site)

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 25, 2026, 9:33 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer II

Embrace Home Loans

Middletown, RI (Hybrid)

$85K/yr - $100K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 8:46 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Entry Level Application Development Opportunity

Year Up United

Seattle, WA (On-site)

5 school alumni work here

Posted on January 25, 2026, 5:01 PM
5 minutes ago

Full Stack Engineer

Fixated

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 24, 2026, 12:26 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

G2M Insights

Denver, CO (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 11:50 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Forward Deployed Engineer

Empromptu.ai

San Francisco Bay Area (Remote)

$100K/yr - $150K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:44 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

CheckRx

San Diego, CA (On-site)

$80K/yr - $160K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 9:28 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Test Engineer II - Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems (C-UAS)

WhiteFox Defense Technologies, Inc.

Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex (Hybrid)

$125K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:54 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer - Backend

Attention

New York, NY (On-site)

Vision benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 9:40 AM
2 days ago

Software Engineer

Sortie

United States (Remote)

$125K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 8:26 AM
2 days ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))