CGI

AWS Application Developer 

Reston, VA · Reposted 41 minutes ago · 17 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all

Meet the hiring team

Lauren Barry 

• 3rd

Senior Technical Recruiter at CGI - The best version of us starts with you!

Job poster

Message
About the job

Position Description

CGI has an immediate need for a AWS Application Developer to join our team. This is an exciting opportunity to work in a fast-paced team environment supporting one of the largest customers. We take an innovative approach to supporting our client, working side-by-side in an agile environment using emerging technologies.

We partner with 15 of the top 20 banks globally, and our top 10 banking clients have worked with us for an average of 26 years!. This role is located at a client site in Reston, VA. A hybrid working model is acceptable.

Your future duties and responsibilities

The AWS Application Developer is responsible for designing, building, and supporting cloud-based applications on the AWS platform. This role focuses on developing scalable, data-driven solutions using modern programming languages and AWS services, while contributing to application architecture, API design, and continuous integration practices. The developer works closely with cross-functional teams in an Agile environment to deliver reliable, well-documented, and production-ready systems.

Required Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role


 6+ years experience developing applications on AWS using services such as EC2, Lambda, Step Functions, DynamoDB, CloudFormation, EMR, and Batch
 Hands-on programming experience with Java, Python, and/or PySpark
 Solid understanding of API design and implementation using tools like AWS API Gateway, Apigee, and API security frameworks
 Experience working with big data technologies on AWS, including S3, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Redshift, and AWS Glue
 Proficiency in SQL with a good grasp of relational and non-relational databases, data modeling, and query optimization
 Ability to analyze data, troubleshoot complex issues, and perform root cause analysis
 Experience working in Linux-based environments
 Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines and setting up continuous integration environments
 Comfortable working in Agile Scrum teams and collaborating across development, testing, and operations groups
 Strong documentation skills, including writing and maintaining technical and design documentation with diagrams and clear standards
 AWS certifications are a plus (e.g., AWS Certified Developer or Solutions Architect), but not explicitly required


Education:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.

#DICE

Other Information:

CGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to skill set, level, experience, relevant training, and licensure and certifications. To support the ability to reward for merit-based performance, CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range for this role in the U.S. is $95,800.00 - $136,400.00.

CGI's benefits are offered to eligible professionals on their first day of employment to include: . Competitive compensation . Comprehensive insurance options . Matching contributions through the 401(k) plan and the share purchase plan . Paid time off for vacation, holidays, and sick time . Paid parental leave .Learning opportunities and tuition assistance . Wellness and Well-being programs

Together, as owners, let’s turn meaningful insights into action.

Life at CGI is rooted in ownership, teamwork, respect and belonging. Here, you’ll reach your full potential because…

You are invited to be an owner from day 1 as we work together to bring our Dream to life. That’s why we call ourselves CGI Partners rather than employees. We benefit from our collective success and actively shape our company’s strategy and direction.

Your work creates value. You’ll develop innovative solutions and build relationships with teammates and clients while accessing global capabilities to scale your ideas, embrace new opportunities, and benefit from expansive industry and technology expertise.

You’ll shape your career by joining a company built to grow and last. You’ll be supported by leaders who care about your health and well-being and provide you with opportunities to deepen your skills and broaden your horizons.

Come join our team—one of the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status or responsibilities, reproductive health decisions, political affiliation, genetic information, height, weight, or any other legally protected status or characteristics to the extent required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws where we do business.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the Position ID of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a Position ID will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. Dependent upon role and/or federal government security clearance requirements, and in accordance with applicable laws, some background investigations may include a credit check. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.


… more

Benefits found in job post

Tuition assistance

Set alert for similar jobs

Application Developer, Reston, Virginia, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

17

total

13

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

65% Entry level candidates

29% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

76

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


18

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


6

%

have a Master of Science
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about CGI
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Business and IT Consulting: CGI focuses on delivering strategic IT and business consulting services to help clients balance short-term and long-term imperatives. This includes insights, capabilities, and advisory services.

...more

Sources: cgi.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on Engineering and IT: Despite a slight decrease in headcount, Engineering and Information Technology remain the largest departments, indicating ongoing investment and potential growth in these areas. Growth in Media and Communication: The Media and Communication department has seen a significant increase in job openings by 200%, suggesting new initiatives or expansion in this area. Expansion in Real Estate: The Real Estate department has experienced a 200% increase in job openings, indicating potential new projects or investments in property and infrastructure. Stability in Sales: The Sales department has maintained a stable headcount with a slight increase in job openings by 27%, suggesting a steady focus on maintaining and potentially growing their sales capabilities.
… more

The latest hiring trend

70,362

Total employees

10%

Company-wide

2 year growth

100%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000

Median employee tenure: 5.2 years

CGI hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

CGI hired 2 people from University of Southern California. See all

CGI hired 16 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

CGI operates in a highly competitive IT and business consulting landscape, with significant emphasis on digital transformation, AI, and cloud services. The company maintains a strong market position through its diversified portfolio and client-proximity model, but faces challenges from competitors with innovative capabilities and strong brand perceptions.
… more

Sources: swotanalysis.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

CGI

1,875,249 followers

Follow

IT Services and IT Consulting

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

64,586 on LinkedIn

Insights you can act on.

Founded in 1976, CGI is among the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world. We are insights-driven and outcomes-focused to help accelerate returns on your investments. Across hundreds of locations worldwide, we provide comprehensive, scalable and sustainable IT and business consulting services that are informed globally and delivered locally.

We value your opinions and welcome your comments and questions on our posts here on LinkedIn. Please keep a polite, professional and constructive tone. We remove comments containing objectionable language and derogatory views. We do not allow content that is unrelated to the subject, and we remove discriminatory and racist comments as well as spam and advertising. 

Note that content on this page contains general information regarding CGI’s services and initiatives and should not be considered direct business advice. To engage in a discussion with one of our experts, please make a request through https://www.cgi.com/en/contact-us
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Member of Technical Staff - Full Stack Engineer

Vinci4D.ai

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

Posted on November 17, 2025, 11:42 AM
2 months ago

Associate Software Engineer (New College Grad 2026) (Verified job)
Associate Software Engineer (New College Grad 2026) 

Solace

Redwood City, CA (On-site)

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 14, 2026, 8:28 PM
2 weeks ago

Backend Software Engineer – Matching and Scheduling Optimization

Sage Care

Palo Alto, CA (Hybrid)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on December 4, 2025, 10:19 AM
2 months ago

Firmware Audio Engineer

Polaro

San Mateo, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:02 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Fullstack Engineer

Jampack Labs

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $250K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:41 PM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Member of Technical Staff

Plato

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $250K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on October 6, 2025, 10:34 AM
4 months ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

We're Hiring! Backend Developer (Verified job)
We're Hiring! Backend Developer 

Hidonix Industries

Santa Monica, CA (On-site)

$90K/yr - $100K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 4:55 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Backend Software Engineer

Onyx Odds

New York, NY (On-site)

$170K/yr - $250K/yr

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 17, 2026, 1:15 PM
1 week ago

Backend Infrastructure Engineer

Conduit

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 31, 2025, 12:29 PM
1 month ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Product Developer

Ravic

Prescott, AZ (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 17, 2025, 9:42 AM
1 month ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Speech C++ Developer (Verified job)
Software Speech C++ Developer 

Adacel

Orlando, FL (Hybrid)

$74K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 28, 2026, 6:12 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Startup Software Engineer

Storytime

New York City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

Posted on December 9, 2025, 10:32 AM
1 month ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))