Cisco

Software Engineer I (Full Time) - United States 

San Jose, CA · 3 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Harjot and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

Applications are accepted until further notice.

Meet the team 

Join a vibrant community of passionate professionals from around the world, working together in Engineering, IT, Supply Chain, Customer Experience, Security & Trust, and more. Our team brings diverse perspectives, skills, and backgrounds—united by a shared commitment to innovation and making technology accessible for everyone.

Here, you’ll collaborate with dedicated colleagues on exciting projects in cloud, mobile, desktop, and security. No matter your role, you’ll have the chance to learn, grow, and make an impact—building solutions that help people connect, learn, and thrive in new ways.

Together, we’re shaping the future—one idea at a time.

Your Impact 

At the heart of our technology, our software engineers shape the digital experiences that power our business and delight our users. In this role, you will create, test, and improve software and tools that support a wide range of impactful platforms—from operating systems and networks to databases and beyond. Your thoughtful approach will help ensure our solutions are intuitive, reliable, and accessible for everyone.

You’ll collaborate with a diverse, global team, sharing ideas, learning from others, and building relationships across functions. Your strong communication skills and collaborative spirit will enable you to contribute meaningfully, fostering an environment where all voices are heard and respected.

With a passion for problem-solving and continuous improvement, you’ll find opportunities to streamline processes and influence technology decisions, including design and hardware compatibility. Your organizational talents and effective time management will help you prioritize, adapt, and deliver high-quality work that drives our mission forward.

Join us and bring your unique perspective to build innovative, inclusive software that makes a meaningful difference—both for our company and for communities around the world.

Minimum Qualifications


Completion within the past 3 years, or current enrollment with expected completion within 12 months, of a Bachelor’s degree program. Relevant fields include Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, or a related program. 
Proficiency in at least one of the following programming or scripting languages: C/C++, Python, or Java, with evidence of recent (within the 12 months) coursework, projects, or work experience. 
Experience in quality assurance (QA), testing, and/or debugging in an academic, project-based, or work related setting. 
Ability to legally reside and work in the country of application, without the need for visa support or employer sponsorship. 


Preferred Qualifications


Knowledge of Linux, Networking concepts, OS fundamentals, Embedded Development, and/or ML 
Experience with Databases, Web Application Development, and Web Services 
Knowledge in Computer Networking and/or Cybersecurity 
Knowledge of Cloud Platforms: AWS, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud 


Why Cisco?

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you.

Message to applicants applying to work in the U.S. and/or Canada:

Individual pay is determined by the candidate's hiring location, market conditions, job-related skillset, experience, qualifications, education, certifications, and/or training. The full salary range for certain locations is listed below. For locations not listed below, the recruiter can share more details about compensation for the role in your location during the hiring process.

U.S. employees are offered benefits, subject to Cisco’s plan eligibility rules, which include medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan with a Cisco matching contribution, paid parental leave, short and long-term disability coverage, and basic life insurance. Please see the Cisco careers site to discover more benefits and perks. Employees may be eligible to receive grants of Cisco restricted stock units, which vest following continued employment with Cisco for defined periods of time.

U.S. employees are eligible for paid time away as described below, subject to Cisco’s policies:


10 paid holidays per full calendar year, plus 1 floating holiday for non-exempt employees
1 paid day off for employee’s birthday, paid year-end holiday shutdown, and 4 paid days off for personal wellness determined by Cisco
Non-exempt employees** receive 16 days of paid vacation time per full calendar year, accrued at rate of 4.92 hours per pay period for full-time employees
Exempt employees participate in Cisco’s flexible vacation time off program, which has no defined limit on how much vacation time eligible employees may use (subject to availability and some business limitations)
80 hours of sick time off provided on hire date and each January 1st thereafter, and up to 80 hours of unused sick time carried forward from one calendar year to the next
Additional paid time away may be requested to deal with critical or emergency issues for family members
Optional 10 paid days per full calendar year to volunteer


For non-sales roles, employees are also eligible to earn annual bonuses subject to Cisco’s policies.

Employees On Sales Plans Earn Performance-based Incentive Pay On Top Of Their Base Salary, Which Is Split Between Quota And Non-quota Components, Subject To The Applicable Cisco Plan. For Quota-based Incentive Pay, Cisco Typically Pays As Follows


.75% of incentive target for each 1% of revenue attainment up to 50% of quota;
1.5% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 50% and 75%;
1% of incentive target for each 1% of attainment between 75% and 100%; and
Once performance exceeds 100% attainment, incentive rates are at or above 1% for each 1% of attainment with no cap on incentive compensation.


For non-quota-based sales performance elements such as strategic sales objectives, Cisco may pay 0% up to 125% of target. Cisco sales plans do not have a minimum threshold of performance for sales incentive compensation to be paid.

The applicable full salary ranges for this position, by specific state, are listed below:

New York City Metro Area

$104,700.00 - $153,000.00

Non-Metro New York State & Washington State

$92,100.00 - $136,000.00


 For quota-based sales roles on Cisco’s sales plan, the ranges provided in this posting include base pay and sales target incentive compensation combined.
 Employees in Illinois, whether exempt or non-exempt, will participate in a unique time off program to meet local requirements.
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k), Vision insurance, Disability insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, San Jose, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

291

total

291

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

80% Entry level candidates

6% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

73

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


25

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Cisco
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Integration of Artificial Intelligence: Cisco is incorporating artificial intelligence (AI) into its product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration, and observability to enhance product capabilities and customer value.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on engineering: The 'Engineering' department has maintained a stable headcount with a slight increase of 1%, indicating a continued investment in engineering talent and potential growth in product development and innovation. Growth in business development: The 'Business Development' department has seen a significant increase in job openings by 305% over the last three months, suggesting a strategic push towards expanding business opportunities and partnerships. Expansion in education and consulting: The 'Education' and 'Consulting' departments have experienced substantial growth in job openings by 1500% and 500% respectively, indicating new initiatives in training, development, and advisory services. Increased focus on sales: The 'Sales' department has shown a 29% increase in job openings over the past year, reflecting a strong emphasis on boosting sales efforts and market penetration.
… more

The latest hiring trend

95,415

Total employees

7%

Company-wide

2 year growth

1%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 95415 to 102293.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000
150000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 7.4 years

Cisco hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Cisco hired 83 people from University of Southern California. See all

Cisco hired 468 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Cisco Systems operates in a highly competitive environment, facing constant pressure from both established players and new entrants. The company leverages its strong brand reputation, comprehensive product portfolio, and global reach to maintain its market position. Strategic innovations, acquisitions, and a focus on AI networking and cybersecurity are key to navigating market challenges and sustaining growth.
… more

Sources: financecharts.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Cisco

7,379,486 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

86,524 on LinkedIn

Cisco is the worldwide technology leader that is revolutionizing the way organizations connect and protect in the AI era. For more than 40 years, Cisco has securely connected the world. With its industry leading AI-powered solutions and services, Cisco enables its customers, partners and communities to unlock innovation, enhance productivity and strengthen digital resilience.  With purpose at its core, Cisco remains committed to creating a more connected and inclusive future for all. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Full Stack Developer

Easy Street Capital

Irvine, CA (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k), +3 benefits

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:06 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, New Grad (2026 Start) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, New Grad (2026 Start) 

Zip

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

$140K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 1:18 PM
2 hours ago

Python Developer, Associate / Chicago, IL (Verified job)
Python Developer, Associate / Chicago, IL 

 BlackRock, Inc.

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

263 school alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 8:28 AM
6 hours ago

Software Engineer, Loans Originations (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Loans Originations 

Sofi - Interns

Cottonwood Heights, UT

$92.8K/yr - $174K/yr

9 company alumni work here

Posted on January 29, 2026, 5:10 PM
22 hours ago

Developer - Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Developer - Software Engineer I 

Blue Origin

Denver, CO (On-site)

$101.4K/yr - $154.9K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:52 PM
26 minutes ago

Developer - Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Developer - Software Engineer I 

Blue Origin

Greater Seattle Area (On-site)

$101.4K/yr - $154.9K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:52 PM
26 minutes ago

Associate Software Engineer (Verified job)
Associate Software Engineer 

Jerry

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

401(k) benefit

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 11:16 AM
4 hours ago

Software Development Engineer I

Mercor

United States (Remote)

$50/hr - $150/hr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:56 PM
23 minutes ago

Developer - Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Developer - Software Engineer I 

Blue Origin

Reston, VA (On-site)

$101.4K/yr - $154.9K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:52 PM
26 minutes ago

Software Engineer (entry) (Verified job)
Software Engineer (entry) 

Jerry

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

401(k) benefit

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 11:16 AM
4 hours ago

Software Engineer (Verified job)
Software Engineer 

Gap Inc.

Pleasanton, CA

$161.6K/yr - $166.6K/yr

10 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 4:56 AM
10 hours ago

Software Engineer

Hyra

California, United States (Remote)

$106.2K/yr - $143.8K/yr

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:09 PM
1 hour ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))