About the job

P-964

At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the world's toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the world's best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers and dedicated to our customers, we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UI/UX for working with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And we're only getting started.

As a software engineer, you will work with our engineering team to build infrastructure and products for the Databricks platform. We're hiring across all of our teams, including backend, full stack, infrastructure, databases, systems, tools, cloud, and customer-facing products You will join a cohort of engineers who will build their careers through collaborative projects and learning opportunities. With a dedicated mentor and supportive team, you'll onboard quickly and start contributing to impactful projects soon after starting here at Databricks!

The Impact You Will Have


Work with a team to build features and improve architecture for the Databricks platform
Develop and extend the Databricks product
Own full software development lifecycle: design, development, testing, and operating in production
Build solutions with a high level of reliability, scalability, and security


What We Look For


You will graduate in fall 2025 or spring 2026 with a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related subject
You have implementation skills with a general purpose program language, such as Python, Java, or C++
You have knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and OOP principles
You have experience managing end-to-end projects


We are hiring Software Engineer - New Grads across multiple offices. Please apply for the single location that you're the most interested in, and we will discuss more with you as you move through the process. We can only consider one application in 30 days.

Pay Range Transparency

Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles. Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipates utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.

Zone 1 Pay Range

$145,000—$155,000 USD

Pay Range Transparency

Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles. Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipates utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.

Zone 2 Pay Range

$137,750—$147,450 USD

About Databricks

Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.

Benefits

At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region, please visit https://www.mybenefitsnow.com/databricks.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

Compliance

If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.