About the job

This role is with one of Dex’s trusted Partner companies. We work closely with their teams to truly understand their culture, goals, and what they’re looking for, so we can match you with the right opportunity for your goals!




If you’re interested, apply here to head to the website, where you can sign up and speak to Dex. After your call, you'll be sent the full match details. We’ll help manage your applications, and find other great matches to work you'll love.




Join a high-growth scale-up building next-generation AI products with real-world impact, driven by cutting-edge, in-house research. Backed by significant recent funding and a rapidly expanding market, this is a rare opportunity to fast-track your career by contributing immediately to our technical foundations. As a Graduate Engineer joining our established team, you'll work on complex, high-impact technical challenges, ship features essential for scaling, and help mature a product that is already setting a new standard in the field.




What you’ll do:

Build and ship production-ready software with a focus on AI/ML applications.
Collaborate with senior engineers and product managers to execute on the product roadmap.
Develop and scale systems in Python, TypeScript, and other modern tools for enterprise use.
Implement and iterate on cutting-edge LLM approaches under the guidance of our research team.




What you’ll bring:

Computer Science degree (2025 grads welcome) and relevant internships within software engineering or AI/ML.
Strong foundational engineering skills and the ability to rapidly adopt new tools/languages.
Familiarity with the software development lifecycle (e.g., version control, testing).
Experience with AI/LLMs through academic projects, internships, or roles is a bonus.




What’s on offer:

You’ll be part of a high-performing engineering team where your growth within the company and team is a core priority. You'll have a competitive salary, early-stage equity, and a defined mentorship path to help you master how AI technology is built and scaled for major clients. Relocation support and visa sponsorship can be offered for the right candidate.