About the job

Overview

How You’ll Make an Impact 

Epsilon is seeking an Associate, Software Engineer to be part of a high-performing development team writing production code running in a high frequency/low latency environment. While every team is different, you’ll develop and maintain software products that leverage the latest technologies to deliver large scale one to one advertising messages. You’ll gain valuable hands-on experience working with current technologies alongside some great people in a fun, innovative atmosphere.

An as Associate, Software Engineer, you will work collaboratively with a group of experienced and passionate engineers and product team members to build new product features and solutions across Epsilon’s products. You will have a seat at the table in product design and peer code review sessions to share your ideas and deepen your technical skills. You will participate in the design and development of scalable, resilient applications and services. You will have the opportunity to plan, build, and perform code testing using various technologies in support of our continuous integration and delivery pipeline.

This is a hybrid role, with an expectation of 2 days/week in office.

What You’ll Achieve


Impact: As an Associate, Software Engineer you will have the opportunity to work on proprietary products that are helping to drive success for Epsilon’s clients in support of their initiatives.
Career Growth: You will have exposure to a variety of technologies at a large scale and have a seat at the table to see new innovations and products evolve.


Epsilon’s New Grad Program

As a participant in the New Grad Program you will have the opportunity to fast-track your career at Epsilon. The Program is a one-year developmental program designed to support your transition from the classroom to the corporate environment and kick start your professional development. You will participate in professional and job specific training, receive formal mentorship, and have the opportunity to network and engage with various associates from all levels in the organization.

Who You Are


What you’ll bring with you:
The desire to learn new technologies
A strong sense of software design and engineering fundamentals
A familiarity of programming languages (HTML, Python, C++), object-oriented design and methodology (Java, XML, SQL, Linux) and various testing and automation frameworks
Strong relationship management skills and ability to work in a diverse global team
Why you might stand out from other talent:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline
0-1 years of professional work experience
Experience working with Agile methodology a plus

Click here to view how Epsilon transforms marketing with 1 View, 1 Vision, 1 Voice.

Base Salary: $90,000

Actual compensation within the range will be dependent upon, but not limited to the individual’s skills, experience, qualifications, location and application employment laws. The salary pay range is subject to change and may be modified at any time.

Additional Information

When You Join Us, We’ll Create Something EPIC Together

Epsilon is a global data, technology and services company that powers the marketing and advertising ecosystem. For decades, we’ve provided marketers from the world’s leading brands the data, technology and services they need to engage consumers with 1 View, 1 Vision and 1 Voice. 1 View of their universe of potential buyers. 1 Vision for engaging each individual. And 1 Voice to harmonize engagement across paid, owned and earned channels.

Epsilon’s comprehensive portfolio of capabilities across our suite of digital media, messaging and loyalty solutions bridge the divide between marketing and advertising technology. We process 400+ billion consumer actions each day using advanced AI and hold many patents of proprietary technology, including real-time modeling languages and consumer privacy advancements. Thanks to the work of every employee, Epsilon has been consistently recognized as industry-leading by Forrester, Adweek and the MRC. Epsilon is a global company with more than 9,000 employees around the world.

Epsilon Has a Core Set Of 5 Values That Define Our Culture And Guide Us To Create Value For Our Clients, Our People And Consumers. We Are Seeking Candidates That Align With Our Company Values, Demonstrate Them And Make Them Meaningful In Their Day-to-day Work


Act with integrity. We are transparent and have the courage to do the right thing.
Work together to win together. We believe collaboration is the catalyst that unlocks our full potential.
Innovate with purpose. We shape the market with big ideas that drive big outcomes.
Respect all voices. We embrace differences and foster a culture of connection and belonging.
Empower with accountability. We trust each other to own and deliver on common goals.


Because You Matter

Benefits

As an Epsilon employee, you deserve perks and benefits that put you, your family and your finances first. Our benefits encompass a wide range of offerings, including but not limited to the following:


Time to Recharge: Flexible time off (FTO), 15 paid holidays
Time to Recover: Paid sick time 
Family Well-Being: Parental/new child leave, childcare & elder care assistance, adoption assistance 
Extra Perks: Comprehensive health coverage, 401(k), tuition assistance, commuter benefits, professional development, employee recognition, charitable donation matching, health coaching and counseling 


Epsilon benefits are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms.

Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon’s policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories. Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process. Please reach out to LeaveofAbsence@epsilon.com to request an accommodation.

For San Francisco Bay and Los Angeles Areas: Epsilon will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901-4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants with criminal histories are welcome to apply.