About the job

Job Summary

This role designs, develops, documents, tests, implements, and debugs new and existing software solutions for large-scale proprietary software for internal use. Serves as a technical expert on development projects. Participates in the full development life cycle, including requirements analysis and design. Writes technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements. Supports, maintains, and documents software functionality. Identifies and evaluates new technologies for implementation. Analyzes components to find causes of errors and revise programs as needed. Analyzes user needs, system requirements and business processes to determine technical requirements. Consults with end user to prototype, refine, test, and debug components to meet needs.

Responsibilities


10%, Analyzes user needs, system requirements, and business processes
25%, Maintain the source code for existing software products, participate in code reviews, software design and development process
25%, Develop customized applications for company internal use
15%, Identify and debug source cause of issues
15%, Provide issue resolution through configuration or code changes
10%, Perform or support product installations, upgrades and updates


Skills/Qualifications


Python (3.6 and higher) programmer candidates, 1 - 3 years of development experience
VueJS 2+ Framework programmer candidates, 1-2 year of development experience
 Intermediate knowledge and experience using Front-End Layout such as JQuery, Ajax, CSS
Django Framework 4.1 programmer candidates at least 1 year of development experience
RESTful API’s programmer candidates, at least 1 year of development experience
Database development using Oracle, SQL Server 2019 and higher, PostgreSQL 11+
Advanced knowledge and experience with Linux (CentOS, RedHat, Ubuntu) and Windows Server (2019 and higher). Including: IIS, PowerShell, Command Prompt and batch file scripting (desired not required)
Excellent communication, organization, and interpersonal skills
Excellent problem-solving skills with extreme attention to detail
Outstanding work ethic and commitment to individual and organizational success
Excellent analytical and advanced troubleshooting skills with end-users/clients
Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects, both independently and as part of a team
Demonstrated ability to learn new things and continuously drive process improvement.


Plus/Desired


Experience with Git Repositories (GITLAB) or JIRA
Containerization using Docker.
K8S
SQL Reporting Services


Educational Requirements


Bachelor degree in a business or IT-related area, IT Security-related classes a plus, BS in Computer Science a plus.
Any software programming certifications are a plus.