H-E-B

Software Engineer II - Backend (Microservices, Java & Node.js) Austin, Tx. 

Austin, TX · 2 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Responsibilities

Since H-E-B Digital Technology’s inception, we’ve been investing heavily in our customers’ digital experience, reinventing how they find inspiration from food, make food decisions, and ultimately get food into their homes. This is an exciting time to join H-E-B Digital—we’re using the best available technologies to deliver modern, engaging, reliable, and scalable experiences to meet the needs of our growing audience.

As a Software Engineer II, you’ll deliver complex code solutions. You’ll contribute to overall system design, architecture, security, scalability, reliability, application performance, and provide end-to-end support.

Once you’re eligible, you’ll become an Owner in the company, so we’re looking for commitment, hard work, and focus on quality and Customer service. “Partner owned” means our most important resources—People— drive the innovation, growth, and success that make H-E-B The Greatest Omnichannel Retailing Company.

Do You Have a

HEART FOR PEOPLE… willing to provide support to junior developers?

HEAD FOR BUSINESS… skills to effectively deliver code solutions and features?

PASSION FOR RESULTS… drive to produce quality results with little direct supervision?

What is your background?

− A Computer Science degree or comparable formal training, certification, or work experience

− 2+ years of experience in software development and in specific area of assignment

− Experience with common software engineering tools (e.g., Git, Jira, Confluence)

− Strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals such as data structures, algorithms, and design patterns

− Conversant in the technology stack of the system/services of the team.

− Able to review others' code for the strength of engineering solutions, namely performance, sustainability, and iterative development potential.

− Strong understanding of coding standards and design principles / patterns and Lean Startup or Agile development methodologies

− For Backend Software Engineer, working knowledge of relevant technologies (e.g., Node, Java Springboot, Postgres Sql, GCP Services, Docker, Kubernetes)

− Familiarity with analyzing memory and performance issues using profiling tools.

What is the work?

− Works on defined technology projects / tasks with occasional guidance

− Writes production-ready code and tests that meet acceptance criteria, are easily testable, documented, easily understood by other developers, and account for edge cases, security, and errors.

− Creating, configuring, and supporting build and deployment pipelines.

− Capable of on-call support, debugging, and troubleshooting moderately complex issues within team services. May seek guidance from more senior engineers for more complex issues.

− Grows technical skills and experience, starting to lead small initiatives independently.

− Able to collaborate across teams, learning how to influence within the team.

− Able to navigate more complex work that may span multiple systems.

− Able to partially diagnose problems that occur around the scope of work in which they operate.

− Seeks out and defines work. Understands and acts according to task prioritization.

− Identifies and communicates dependencies and blockers within the team. Escalates any blockers, or delays to their team daily.

− Contributes to root cause analysis and gives input on how to remediate future issues.

− Learns to implement effective system monitoring.

Do you have what it takes to be an H-E-B Software Engineer II?

− High degree of personal accountability to self and team for continued growth

− Ability to operate independently while owning your effect on the organization.

− Resilient and optimistic when faced with the unexpected


 Can manage most ambiguity within scope of daily work and is willing to learn how to proactively disambiguate requirements.


− Team player


 Actively learning the team’s domain by asking questions, sharing knowledge with their teammates, and contributing to their team's documentation. Collaborates well with team and partners outside the team (Product Management, Design, QA, etc.)


− Committed to adding value by supporting the team, contributing your perspective, and committing to the right amount of work.

− Growth Mindset - Ability to fail-forward, ask questions, apply coaching, and show a genuine desire to learn, grow, and teach. Serves as a model for more junior engineers and consistently demonstrates team, organization, and company values in daily work.

− Self-starter


 Proactive in seeking out help when unclear about priority and dependencies; take initiative to learn the team, the work, and the business.


− Impact - Understands area of work and shares knowledge with others. Generously shares opinions, feelings, constructive feedback, and gives credit where it is due.

− Connect - Learning to facilitate conversations to make sure all viewpoints are represented, and that bias is understood. Listens to opposing perspectives and works toward the best solution for all.

Can you...

− Travel by car or plane with overnight stays

− Work extended hours; sit for extended periods

− Work rotating and on-call schedules, as needed

JDENGINEERING
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer II - Backend (Microservices, Java & Node.js) Austin, Tx., Austin, Texas, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

111

total

111

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

83% Entry level candidates

8% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

85

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


12

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


3

%

have a Doctor of Philosophy
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about H-E-B
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Innovation and Growth: H-E-B is dedicated to innovation and growth, continuously expanding its product offerings and improving customer experiences. The company focuses on leveraging technology and new business models to stay competitive.

...more

Sources: theshelbyreport.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Expanding their workforce: The company has shown a consistent 1% monthly increase in overall employee count, indicating a steady growth trajectory and potential for new initiatives and expansion. Focus on Customer Success and Support: With a 6% increase in headcount over the past year, the 'Customer Success and Support' function is growing, suggesting an emphasis on enhancing customer experience and support services. Growth in Operations and Sales: The 'Operations' and 'Sales' departments have seen a 9% and 13% increase in headcount respectively, highlighting a focus on operational efficiency and sales growth, which could drive overall business performance. Significant increase in Education: The 'Education' function has experienced a 37% increase in headcount, indicating a major initiative in training, development, or educational services, which could be a key area for investment and growth.
… more

The latest hiring trend

51,154

Total employees

23%

Company-wide

2 year growth

10%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
25000
50000
75000

Median employee tenure: 3.7 years

H-E-B hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

H-E-B hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

H-E-B hired 21 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

H-E-B operates in a highly competitive grocery market, particularly in Texas. The company is known for its strong regional presence and customer loyalty. H-E-B's expansion into North Texas has intensified competition with major players like Walmart, Kroger, and Tom Thumb. These competitors are increasing their investments to maintain market share. H-E-B's focus on innovation, quality products, and community engagement continues to drive its growth and competitive edge.
… more

Sources: therealdeal.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

H-E-B

320,324 followers

Follow

Retail

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

51,154 on LinkedIn

H-E-B is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas with approximately $46 billion in revenue and 160,000+ Partners.  Founded in 1905, H-E-B operates more than 435 stores in a number of formats, including H-E-B, Joe V’s Smart Shop, Central Market, Mi Tienda, and Favor. There are truly aisles and aisles of opportunity at H-E-B! From Stores, Manufacturing, Supply Chain or Transportation, to Digital, Corporate and Wellness - Career opportunities at H-E-B are endless. Our company is the largest private company in Texas and one of the 15 largest privately held companies in the U.S.

At H-E-B, Each & Every Person Counts. Regularly named a top employer and retailer, H-E-B's Partners (employees), who are owners in our company, are at the heart of what makes our business successful and great. With a humility rooted in our Helping Here philosophy, H-E-B's Partners serve all Texans with open arms and a smile, and demonstrate our collective commitment to take care of Texas.

At H-E-B, a job is more than just a job - it's an opportunity for a rewarding career that allows you to use your unique talents and passions to innovate and make the lives of Texans better.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Founding Software Engineer (Entry Level) (Verified job)
Founding Software Engineer (Entry Level) 

Ruli

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$110K/yr - $150K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on November 4, 2025, 9:14 AM
3 months ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

RealStack AI

New York, NY (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 1:51 PM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Full-Stack Engineer

Baton AI

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

Posted on August 20, 2025, 4:30 PM
5 months ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Backend / Fullstack Engineer

Uplift

Berkeley, CA (Hybrid)

Medical benefit

Posted on November 22, 2025, 8:53 AM
2 months ago

Associate Software Engineer (New College Grad 2026) (Verified job)
Associate Software Engineer (New College Grad 2026) 

Solace

Redwood City, CA (On-site)

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 14, 2026, 8:28 PM
2 weeks ago

Founding Full Stack Engineer

Reval

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area (On-site)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 27, 2026, 8:03 AM
2 days ago

Founding Software Engineer

Lumos

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$180K/yr - $230K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 28, 2026, 1:02 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Backend Software Engineer

Onyx Odds

New York, NY (On-site)

$170K/yr - $250K/yr

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 17, 2026, 1:15 PM
1 week ago

Full-Stack Software Engineer

Recharged

New York, NY (Hybrid)

Posted on December 4, 2025, 2:28 PM
2 months ago

Full Stack Software Engineer

Onyx Odds

New York, NY (On-site)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 17, 2026, 1:07 PM
1 week ago

Full Stack Engineer

Numos AI

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on August 4, 2025, 4:29 PM
6 months ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Engineer

Cartney

Denver, CO (Hybrid)

Posted on December 15, 2025, 9:47 AM
1 month ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))