About the job

Hadrian — Manufacturing the Future

Hadrian is building autonomous factories that help aerospace and defense companies manufacture rockets, satellites, jets, and ships up to 10x faster and up to 2x cheaper. By combining advanced software, robotics, and full-stack manufacturing, we are reinventing how America produces its most critical parts.

We recently raised $260 million dollar Series C to accelerate this mission. We are excited to be launching a new Factory in Mesa, Arizona, a 270,000 square foot facility that will create 350 new jobs immediately. We are opening a new headquarters to support thousands of future hires, launching Hadrian Maritime to serve naval production, and introducing a Factory-as-a-Service model that delivers complete systems instead of individual parts.

Hadrian works with startups, Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, and major defense contractors across space, shipbuilding, and aviation to scale production, reduce costs, and accelerate delivery on mission-critical programs. We are backed by leading investors including Lux Capital, Founders Fund, and Andreessen Horowitz. Our fast-growing team is united by a shared mission to reindustrialize American manufacturing for the 21st century and beyond!

The Role

As a foundational member of our software engineering team, you'll work closely with our product, operations, data, and robotics teams to make Flow, our FactoryOS, the factory platform of the future.

Flow is composed of a variety of internal and external critical business applications. Internally, we build software that informs, augments, and replaces work that needs to be done in the factory — for example, taking a customer request for parts, analyzing the complexity and cost, load balancing the work based on factory capacity, and returning a dynamic price quote and delivery estimate. Externally, our software helps our customers interface with Hadrian and manage their supply chain in real time.

Note: You do not need to have aerospace, defense, or manufacturing experience to excel in this role

What You'll Do


Scope, architect, implement, and deploy critical applications that will drive revenue and make a positive impact in the world
Own a product vertical with the opportunity to build a team around yourself over time (if interested)
Work directly with our internal and external customers to drive our roadmap
Get to build alongside an incredible team of engineers, operators, and the best machinists/CAM programmers in the world
Be given autonomy and virtually unlimited room to grow


What We’re Looking For


Bias to action, take pride in your work, and care more about getting to the right solution than being right
Have tech-lead critical projects or initiatives
Have worked on large, complex codebases
Have extensive experience shipping modern, full-stack applications (our front-ends are React/Next/Typescript and back-ends are Go and Python)
Are product-minded and user-driven
Are excited to work in a fast-paced environment with high-stakes and quick iteration cycles
Are a previous or future founder — if you leave Hadrian to start a company we'll do everything to support you, including investing in you and introducing you to Hadrian's investors
Can work from our Los Angeles Factory (Torrance)


Compensation

For this role, the target salary range is $120,000 - $250,000 (actual range may vary based on experience).

This is the lowest to highest salary we reasonably and in good faith believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may be modified in the future. An employee's pay position within the salary range will be based on several factors, including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs.

Benefits


100% coverage of medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans for employees 
401k 
Relocation stipend if you’re moving from outside of LA 
Flexible vacation policy 


ITAR Requirements

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.

Hadrian Is An Equal Opportunity Employer

It is the Company’s policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race inclusive of traits historically associated with race (including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles, such as braids, locks and twists), color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, national origin (including, in California, possession of a drivers license), ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, height or weight, medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, exercise of reproductive rights, any other basis protected by local, state, or federal laws, or any combination of the above characteristics. When necessary, the Company also makes reasonable accommodations for disabled candidates and employees, including for candidates or employees who are disabled by pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions.