About the job

Why work for us?

A division of Dakota Financial, HaulPay works at the junction of transportation and financial technology: We enable small and medium-sized companies in the transportation industry to work more effectively. We help them by improving their cash flow, automating the mundane and eliminating financial stress. 
We are the only financial platform to incorporate fraud mitigation, credit management, payment automation and innovative financial services for logistics in one easy to use app and API.
We are an agile, customer-focused, and collaborative organization where your contributions count. We are running an essential service for thousands of small and independent client companies.
Our technology is responsible for processing tens of thousands of financial transactions every month. With transaction volume growing rapidly, we need a team of great engineers to support that growth.




Qualifications & Experience

A detailed-oriented, quality-minded Full-Stack Software Engineer.
Likes to work with other engineers to ensure that work products follow best practices, meet technical requirements and achieve high quality standards.
Thrives in a creative, communicative, fast-paced, and collaborative environment.
Tests everything you reasonably can test, and leave the code cleaner than you found it.
Consistently great to work with, and contributes to our open and collaborative environment.
Experience with Python, Django, Celery, and PostgreSQL on the backend, and with Typescript and React on the frontend essential.
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, and general DevOps practices (continuous integration/continuous delivery, infrastructure as code, automated testing, monitoring/observability) a plus.
A degree in computer science a plus.
Experience with SaaS solutions for financial transaction processing, accounting, and/or commercial transportation a plus.




Compensation / Benefits / Location / Working Arrangements

Salary range is $85-145k, commensurate with experience.
Full medical, dental, vision and life insurance.
401k with up to 4% employee matching, gym and entertainment benefits.
Flexible PTO policy, and we encourage our team to enjoy their personal time and unplug.
Based in Long Beach, California but work remotely most of the time. We have an in-office day every week to meet face-to-face, do a lot of whiteboarding, and have lunch together for team members who reside in the area.