About the job

About Heliux

Heliux is a software platform that unifies and accelerates enterprise-wide operations for manufacturers. Our centralized operating system models cross-functional teams, workflows, and data into a single system of execution.

Powering organizations across engineering, planning, supply chain, production, quality, accounting, and more, Heliux enables manufacturers to intelligently optimize end-to-end operational and financial performance.

Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, Heliux is on a mission to drive unprecedented velocity in manufacturing. We’re proudly backed by New Stack Ventures, Marlinspike, Humba Ventures, Amplify.LA, Crosscut Ventures, and Lux Capital.

About The Role

Engineers at Heliux are directly responsible for end-to-end design, development, and delivery of our core software platform:


Acquire expertise in hardware engineering and manufacturing through immersive, hands-on problem-solving with our customers. 
Rapidly design, build, test, deliver, and maintain complex software systems that are performant, reliable, and scalable. 
Contribute to the high-level technical direction of both the organization and the platform to ensure we are always accelerating the velocity of our work. 
Relentlessly solve any and all technical problems that stand in the way of company objectives—and therefore, our success. 


About You


Proven experience building complex, scalable software systems from zero-to-one—i.e., problem identification to production-grade solution. 
Demonstrated proficiency in programming languages such as Rust, Python, Java, TypeScript, or similar. 
Inherent desire to operate with extreme levels of urgency across all aspects of life and work. 


About Our Stack


Frontend: React, TypeScript, NextJS, ThreeJS
Backend: Rust, Python w/ FastAPI and Flask
Database & Infra: PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Standard and Government AWS: RDS, S3, ECS, SQS
Runtime: Electron, Docker


What We Offer


Competitive compensation package, including company equity.
Healthcare coverage across medical, dental, and vision. 
Unlimited PTO. 
Monthly company-sponsored lunches and/or outings. 


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

ITAR Requirements

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C.


1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C.
1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR here.