Hewlett Packard Enterprise

Software Engineer Analyst 

Sunnyvale, CA · 20 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$81.7K/yr - $165.8K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Garima and others in your network

Show all
About the job

This role has been designed as ‘’Onsite’ with an expectation that you will primarily work from an HPE office.

Who We Are

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyze, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world. Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.

Job Description

Job Family Definition:

Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design.

Management Level Definition

Contributes to assignments of limited scope by applying technical concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education, or previous experience. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.

Responsibilities


Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools
Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs, and debugs assigned issues.
Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on software systems design and development.
Participates as a member of project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products.


Education And Experience Required


Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent
Typically 0-2 years experience


Knowledge And Skills


Experience or understanding of software systems design tools and languages.
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Understanding of design for software systems running on multiple platform types
Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures
Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.


Additional Skills

Cloud Architectures, Cross Domain Knowledge, Design Thinking, Development Fundamentals, DevOps, Distributed Computing, Microservices Fluency, Full Stack Development, Security-First Mindset, Solutions Design, Testing & Automation, User Experience (UX)

What We Can Offer You

Health & Wellbeing

We strive to provide our team members and their loved ones with a comprehensive suite of benefits that supports their physical, financial and emotional wellbeing.

Personal & Professional Development

We also invest in your career because the better you are, the better we all are. We have specific programs catered to helping you reach any career goals you have — whether you want to become a knowledge expert in your field or apply your skills to another division.

Unconditional Inclusion

We are unconditionally inclusive in the way we work and celebrate individual uniqueness. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good.

Let's Stay Connected

Follow @HPECareers on Instagram to see the latest on people, culture and tech at HPE.

#unitedstates

#grads

Job

Engineering

Job Level

TCP_01

"The expected salary/wage range for this position is provided below. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education/training, and/or skill level.

– United States of America: Annual Salary USD 81,700 - 165,800 in California

The listed salary range reflects base salary. Variable incentives may also be offered."

Information about employee benefits offered in the US can be found at https://myhperewards.com/main/new-hire-enrollment.html

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, or any other protected category, and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. Please click here: Equal Employment Opportunity.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.

HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.

No Fees Notice & Recruitment Fraud Disclaimer

It has come to HPE’s attention that there has been an increase in recruitment fraud whereby scammer impersonate HPE or HPE-authorized recruiting agencies and offer fake employment opportunities to candidates. These scammers often seek to obtain personal information or money from candidates.

Please note that Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and its authorized recruitment agencies/vendors will never charge any candidate a registration fee, hiring fee, or any other fee in connection with its recruitment and hiring process. The credentials of any hiring agency that claims to be working with HPE for recruitment of talent should be verified by candidates and candidates shall be solely responsible to conduct such verification. Any candidate/individual who relies on the erroneous representations made by fraudulent employment agencies does so at their own risk, and HPE disclaims liability for any damages or claims that may result from any such communication.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Sunnyvale, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

348

total

348

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

76% Entry level candidates

9% Senior level candidates

1% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level

74

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


24

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Technological Advancements: Hewlett Packard Enterprise is focusing on AI, hybrid cloud, edge computing, and data security capabilities to meet the growing demand for these technologies. The company aims to leverage the proliferation of data at the edge and develop AI tools to extract insights and value.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in sales: The 'Sales' department has seen an 11% increase in employee count, indicating a strong focus on expanding their sales force and potential growth in revenue generation. Expansion in engineering and IT: The 'Engineering' and 'Information Technology' departments have grown by 4% and 2% respectively, suggesting new technological initiatives and product development efforts. Increased focus on human resources and administrative functions: Both 'Human Resources' and 'Administrative' departments have experienced a 10% and 11% increase in headcount, respectively, indicating a potential emphasis on internal operations and employee management. Emerging focus on healthcare services: The 'Healthcare Services' department has seen a significant 33% increase in employee count, suggesting new initiatives or expansion in healthcare-related projects.
… more

The latest hiring trend

84,739

Total employees

5%

Company-wide

2 year growth

3%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000

Median employee tenure: 7.9 years

Hewlett Packard Enterprise hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Hewlett Packard Enterprise hired 23 people from University of Southern California. See all

Hewlett Packard Enterprise hired 149 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) operates in a highly competitive enterprise technology sector. The company's strategy centers on its edge-to-cloud approach, notably through its GreenLake platform, offering IT as a service. This focus places HPE directly against major players in the hybrid cloud and data solutions market.

Sources: financhill.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Hewlett Packard Enterprise

3,730,735 followers

Follow

IT Services and IT Consulting

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

74,063 on LinkedIn

Official LinkedIn of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, the global edge-to-cloud company. Sharing our passion and purpose through technology and innovation. 

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Firmware Audio Engineer

Polaro

San Mateo, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:02 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

CS Intern: Apply Tech Skills to PE & SaaS Ventures

EvidentABA

Chicago, IL (On-site)

$15/hr - $18/hr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 10:53 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Engineer

Reval

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area (On-site)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 23, 2026, 2:10 PM
1 day ago

Technical Co Founder (CTO)

Nomad

United States (Remote)

$1/yr - $2/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:56 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Engineer, Applied AI Lead

Equi

New York, NY (Hybrid)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 2:49 PM
1 day ago

Software Engineer

G2M Insights

Denver, CO (Hybrid)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 11:50 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer 2 ( SEll )

Amity Tech corporation

Kansas City, MO (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 4:30 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Research Engineer

Agentrys

Santa Clara, CA (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:20 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Full Stack Engineer

Topify.ai

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

3 school alumni work here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:36 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Prompt Engineer

CrestPoint Strategic Advisors

New York, NY (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 24, 2026, 10:27 AM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Engineer

Fixated

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area (On-site)

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 24, 2026, 12:26 AM
15 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

CheckRx

San Diego, CA (On-site)

$80K/yr - $160K/yr

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 23, 2026, 9:28 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))