IMC Trading

Software Engineer, Early Career 

Chicago, IL · 7 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$200K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Having the best technology drives our business. As a Software Engineer at IMC, you will drive the development of our cutting-edge trading algorithms. You will be responsible for spotting new opportunities, solving problems and developing innovative technologies. Software development here is innovative, pragmatic and fun, even as complexity grows.

Your Core Responsibilities


Build and maintain our trading platform and software stack
Bring our trading strategies and technology platform to the next level
Collaborate with Traders, Quant Researchers and other Engineers both locally and globally
Develop expertise within the entire software development lifecycle
Learn new technologies and programming languages in a dynamic environment


Your Skills And Experience


1-3 years of full-time professional work experience post-graduation
BA/BSc/MA/MSc in Engineering, Computer Science or related degree
Must have strong knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Proficiency in a programming language is required (Java or C++ preferred)
Strong analytical skills and interest in solving complex problems programmatically
Desire to interact and work closely with non-engineers in a dynamic environment
Interest in the financial markets; previous knowledge is NOT required


The Base Salary range for the role is included below. Base salary is only one component of total compensation; all full-time, permanent positions are eligible for a discretionary bonus and benefits, including paid leave and insurance. Please visit Benefits - US | IMC Trading for more comprehensive information.

Base Salary: $200,000

About Us

IMC is a global trading firm powered by a cutting-edge research environment and a world-class technology backbone. Since 1989, we’ve been a stabilizing force in financial markets, providing essential liquidity upon which market participants depend. Across our offices in the US, Europe, Asia Pacific, and India, our talented quant researchers, engineers, traders, and business operations professionals are united by our uniquely collaborative, high-performance culture, and our commitment to giving back. From entering dynamic new markets to embracing disruptive technologies, and from developing an innovative research environment to diversifying our trading strategies, we dare to continuously innovate and collaborate to succeed.


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Chicago, Illinois, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

679

total

679

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

84% Entry level candidates

7% Senior level candidates

1% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level

75

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


23

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about IMC Trading
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Technology and Innovation: Leverage cutting-edge technology and innovative strategies to enhance trading efficiency and profitability. IMC Financial Markets uses advanced algorithms and high-frequency trading systems.

...more

Sources: forexmalibu.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in Finance and Engineering: The company has increased its headcount in the 'Finance' and 'Engineering' departments by 30% and 19% respectively, indicating a strong focus on financial operations and technological advancements. Expansion in Business Development and Sales: The 'Business Development' and 'Sales' departments have seen a 38% and 22% increase in headcount, suggesting a strategic push towards market expansion and revenue generation. Increased focus on Education and Administrative functions: The 'Education' and 'Administrative' departments have experienced a 90% and 60% rise in employee count, highlighting an emphasis on internal training and administrative efficiency. Overall headcount growth: The total employee count has grown by 28% over the year, reflecting the company's overall expansion and potential for continued growth and investment opportunities.
… more

The latest hiring trend

2,951

Total employees

48%

Company-wide

2 year growth

18%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
0
2000
4000

Median employee tenure: 2.5 years

IMC Trading hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

IMC Trading hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

IMC Trading hired 7 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

IMC Financial Markets operates in a highly competitive landscape dominated by a few elite trading firms. The company leverages advanced technology and algorithmic trading to provide liquidity across global financial markets. Competitors like Jane Street, Citadel Securities, and Virtu Financial also utilize sophisticated trading algorithms and high-frequency trading strategies to maintain their market positions. The competitive edge in this industry is driven by technological innovation, speed of execution, and the ability to adapt to market changes.
… more

Sources: builtin.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

IMC Trading

152,213 followers

Follow

Financial Services

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

2,949 on LinkedIn

IMC is a global trading firm powered by a cutting-edge research environment and a world-class technology backbone. Since 1989, we’ve been a stabilizing force in financial markets, providing essential liquidity upon which market participants depend. 

Across our offices in the US, Europe, and Asia Pacific, our talented quant researchers, engineers, traders, and business operations professionals are united by our uniquely collaborative, high-performance culture, and our commitment to giving back. 

From entering dynamic new markets to embracing disruptive technologies, and from developing an innovative research environment to diversifying our trading strategies, we dare to continuously innovate and collaborate to succeed.
… more

Commitments

Diversity, equity, and inclusion

Diverse people bring diverse ideas:
Diversity of thought is a powerful ally of innovation. It’s why our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion policy is more than just a statement, it’s a way of life at IMC.

The people that we employ at IMC come from over 70 nationalities (and counting). Knowing that our success has been built on the diversity of our people, we commit to building a diverse, fair, inclusive, and safe work environment for all.
… more

Social impact

One of our core values is to take responsibility for others as well as ourselves. Giving back and community engagement are integral and vibrant parts of our culture. Through the IMC Foundations we aim to create a better society, focusing our efforts on global, local and employee initiatives.
… more

Learn more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

ai tracking integration with drones and Betaflight Jetson pi hd zero analog nav

Beverly Hills Aerials

Los Angeles Metropolitan Area (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 27, 2025, 11:22 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

Simply Bee Farms

Davis, CA (On-site)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on December 27, 2025, 7:28 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Developer (Verified job)
Full Stack Developer 

 800-FLOWERS,Inc

Jericho, NY (Hybrid)

1 company alumni works here

Posted on December 29, 2025, 10:04 AM
8 hours ago

Software Engineer, Frontend

Oureon Technologies

Austin, Texas Metropolitan Area (On-site)

Vision, 401(k)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on December 29, 2025, 1:06 PM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Applied AI (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Applied AI 

Commure

Mountain View, CA (On-site)

$130K/yr - $180K/yr

4 company alumni work here

Posted on December 29, 2025, 6:37 PM
9 minutes ago

Software Engineer (Verified job)
Software Engineer 

Riccione Resources, Inc.

Dallas, TX (Remote)

$110K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

5 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 29, 2025, 5:35 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Full Stack (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Full Stack 

Sift

El Segundo, CA (Hybrid)

$150K/yr - $200K/yr

1 company alumni works here

Posted on December 29, 2025, 2:40 AM
16 hours ago

Videogame Programmer / Coder - - Kingmakers - Unreal Engine

Redemption Road Games

Atlanta, GA (On-site)

$110K/yr

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on December 29, 2025, 2:38 PM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

DevOps (Linux, AWS, Rel Mgmt) IV (Contractor)

Soft Source, Inc

Philadelphia, PA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 27, 2025, 3:04 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Fullstack Engineer (On-Site, West Hollywood, CA)

COVU

Los Angeles, CA (On-site)

$120K/yr - $180K/yr

1 school alumni works here

Posted on December 29, 2025, 1:13 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer

Halliday

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

$150K/yr - $190K/yr

 • 

8 benefits

3 school alumni work here

Posted on December 29, 2025, 9:19 AM
9 hours ago

Software Engineer, Frontend (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Frontend 

Sift

El Segundo, CA (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $200K/yr

1 company alumni works here

Posted on December 29, 2025, 2:40 AM
16 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2025

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))