Initialized Capital

AI Engineer

San Francisco, CA · 13 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$130K/yr - $155K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

About the job

Initialized is a generalist seed-stage venture firm with over $3B in AUM. The team works closely with technical, ambitious founders and backs them early as they build enduring companies.

Initialized is focused on investing across AI, robotics, space, energy, defense, and crypto. The firm has backed companies including Coinbase, Instacart, Flexport, Rippling, and Flock Safety, and spends a lot of time thinking about how new tools, especially AI, are changing how companies get built.

As our AI Engineer, you will be the technical glue that builds, automates, and maintains the systems and processes that enable our team to do our jobs better. As an engineering team of one, you will have the autonomy to make architectural decisions and will work across the stack, from APIs and data pipelines to investor-facing UI, to build mission-driven tools that directly influence investment decisions, portfolio growth, and firm efficiency.

Reporting to an Initialized Partner, this is a high-impact role designed for someone looking to shape their career in the new AI-first economy.

You Will


Translate business needs into technical specifications
Collaborate cross-functionally with investors, finance, and operations teams to identify bottlenecks 
Design, build, and ship internal tools, including investor dashboards and internal workflow automation
Own Knowledge Base Management & Integration 
Maintain the codebase of our proprietary CRM while implementing new features 
Build dashboards and data visualization for monitoring key operational metrics
Development & Maintain AI Agents
Build agents to support investment and portfolio support operations while maintaining full accountability for code comprehension, quality, and security.
AI Tool Research and Adoption 
Spearhead testing of novel AI tooling. Own AI R&D and adoption efforts by researching, prototyping, and validating new AI tools, agent architectures, and automation approaches to integrate into core workflows

Who You Are

We’re looking for an analytical builder who scores high on curiosity, ownership, and growth mindset and are optimizing for the following:

You Thrive When


Given high autonomy and high ambiguity
Switching between strategic problem-solving and hands-on building
Being told the outcome and you need to figure out the fastest way to deliver it


Traits We Look For 


Exceptionally resourceful, proactive, and motivated by hard problems and building from the ground up.
Fast learner, especially with new tools and systems
Strong communicator and cross-functional collaborator
High-velocity operator with an owner mindset who knows when & how to escalate vs. fix independently
A reputation for positively improving the processes, systems, and teams you are a part of


Skills & Experience


2-5 years of software engineering, with demonstrated ability to ship production systems and a strong intuition of software development best practices
Proficiency in the following tech stack: Ruby, Typescript
Hands-on experience with LLM APIs (OpenAI, Anthropic, etc.) and prompt engineering for production use cases
Experience designing data models and CRMs
Familiarity with workflow orchestration
Adept at gathering requirements, extracting insights, weighing trade-offs, and delivering effective internal solutions.


Why Join Us

Impact: Build AI systems and autonomous workflows that contribute to a culture of innovation and continuous improvement.

Innovation: Be on the leading edge of applying AI/LLMs to venture capital workflows.

Collaboration: Work with a lean, entrepreneurial team of investors, technologists, and operators.

Growth: Opportunity to greenfield new tools and make real decisions about how systems are built

This is a hybrid role based in San Francisco, CA.

Compensation: $130- $155k (depending upon experience)
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Artificial Intelligence Engineer, San Francisco, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

260

total

260

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

87% Entry level candidates

10% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

92

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


6

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Initialized Capital
Powered by Bing

Initialized Capital hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Initialized Capital hired 2 people from University of Southern California. See all

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Initialized Capital

34,644 followers

Follow

Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals

 • 

11-50 employees

 • 

29 on LinkedIn

We set the standard in seed stage venture capital, backing founders with grit, audacity, and a spark of rebellion. We test for obsession and intellectual honesty and make it clear we mirror that mentality. We're excited by what could be, resilient in the face of challenge, ambitious, empathetic, and collaborative. 

Our team is built for what you need now, guiding you and helping develop your skills in every facet of your business, but most crucially, what you need at seed: building your company and team, refining your story, reaching product market fit, and raising your next round.

Initialized invests across all sectors and is an early backer of companies like Coinbase, Instacart, Rippling, Flexport, and Flock Safety. With $3B+ in assets under management, our portfolio includes 175+ companies worth close to $200B in company valuations, with 25+ valued at $1B or more.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Artificial Intelligence Engineer (Verified job)
Artificial Intelligence Engineer 

Fractal

United States (Remote)

$120K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 12:03 PM
2 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Developer (Verified job)
Artificial Intelligence Developer 

Tekgence Inc

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 19, 2026, 12:55 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

neteffects

United States (Remote)

$70/hr - $80/hr

 • 

4 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 9, 2026, 2:44 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

Relate Search

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 21, 2026, 7:37 AM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Engineer or AI Consultant x3 roles

Aventis Solutions

New York, NY (Remote)

9 benefits

Posted on January 12, 2026, 3:42 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Associate AI Engineer (Verified job)
Associate AI Engineer 

Internet Brands, Inc.

El Segundo, CA

$60K/yr

 • 

Medical, 401(k), +2 benefits

4 company alumni work here

Posted on January 16, 2026, 3:09 AM
5 days ago

Generative AI Engineer (Verified job)
Generative AI Engineer 

Capgemini

Greater Seattle Area (Hybrid)

1 benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 14, 2026, 9:49 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Solutions Engineer

dais

Tulsa, OK (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 4:21 AM
6 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

Omnis Partners

Dallas, TX (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 9, 2026, 3:21 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Full Stack Developer

Factspan

United States (Remote)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 21, 2026, 7:22 AM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Associate AI Software Engineer (Verified job)
Associate AI Software Engineer 

Center for Diagnostic Imaging (CDI)

St Louis Park, MN

$65K/yr - $100K/yr

3 school alumni work here

Posted on January 16, 2026, 2:35 PM
4 days ago

AI Prompt Engineer Intern (Verified job)
AI Prompt Engineer Intern 

Hunter Engineering Company

Bridgeton, MO (On-site)

Posted on January 9, 2026, 6:13 AM
1 week ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))