About the job

Innovative Systems/FinScan® a leading global provider of data management and on-premise risk and SaaS compliance solutions is seeking exceptional Computer Science or related technical majors who are creative and passionate about software design and development.

You will be given the opportunity to push the limits of your technical knowledge and analytic abilities as you work on challenging real-world problems within our Software Development group. This team develops Innovative’s world-class software products that are used by enterprises around the globe.

Consistently voted a Top Workplace, Innovative offers a fast-paced environment that feels like a start-up, but whose business and technology is built on a solid foundation of quality and success! You will learn and be mentored by some of the best and brightest in the field!

At Innovative, we look for exceptional individuals who see possibilities, not limits! If you are passionate about your career, have a thirst for challenge, and thrive on developing innovative solutions – this may be the place for you!

This is a highly competitive, paid internship/co-op position for the Summer 2026 (May - August) term, based at our world headquarters in Pittsburgh, PA.

Location: Remote or Hybrid. There are opportunities to be able to work 100% remotely or working a hybrid in-office schedule (mix of in-office 2 days/week and remote 3 days/week).


Please only apply to this role if you are available for the Summer 2026 (May - August) term.*** This is a 40 hour per week role.


***If you are available for both the Spring 2026 (Jan - May) and Summer 2026 (May - August) terms, please feel free to apply to both opportunities.***

***Please do not become discouraged if you are not immediately contacted. Our team will be busy reviewing applicants and attending various college career fairs. Chosen applicants will start being contacted within the month of October.***

WHAT WILL I BE DOING? 

Based on the level of your skills, knowledge, and prior experience you may:


Program applications and /or components - the level of which will be based on your skill, knowledge, and prior experience
Research new technologies, development tools, or technical problems
Work independently and collaboratively to implement assigned projects
Perform other related duties as assigned or requested


You Must Have


Minimum of 2 years of undergraduate work completed by the start of the Internship/Co-op
Currently enrolled in an accredited college or university with a major in Computer Science or related technical major
Knowledge in and passion for learning software and web development, design, and implementation
Highly motivated with a focus on quality
Excellent analytic and problem-solving skills
Excellent research skills
Ability to work effectively alone or collaboratively


ADDITIONALLY - It’s a Plus If You Have


Coding experience with one or more of C, SQL, .NET, XML, HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Experience with various operating systems


About Us

Innovative Systems/FinScan is known for pioneering solutions that set the standard of software data and compliance solutions. FinScan, one of Innovative’s most recognized products, is used by enterprises in over 60 countries to identify potential money laundering and terrorist financing threats. By working at Innovative, that means that you too, are contributing to keeping our world safer.

A rare Pittsburgh gem - Innovative is one of the few truly global, privately-owned companies in the city that can boast on-going double-digit growth along with an amazing culture!

Our pace is fast, our work challenging, and our style highly autonomous and collaborative.

Innovative is a company that takes pride in its people and adding value for its clients around the globe. We look for exceptional individuals who see possibilities, not limits! Could this be YOU?

Innovative's world headquarters is in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. Our regional offices are in London, UK; Mexico City, Mexico; Dubai, UAE, and São Paulo, Brazil.

Innovative is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.