About the job

We are Lenovo. We do what we say. We own what we do. We WOW our customers.

Lenovo is a US$69 billion revenue global technology powerhouse, ranked #196 in the Fortune Global 500, and serving millions of customers every day in 180 markets. Focused on a bold vision to deliver Smarter Technology for All, Lenovo has built on its success as the world’s largest PC company with a full-stack portfolio of AI-enabled, AI-ready, and AI-optimized devices (PCs, workstations, smartphones, tablets), infrastructure (server, storage, edge, high performance computing and software defined infrastructure), software, solutions, and services. Lenovo’s continued investment in world-changing innovation is building a more equitable, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. Lenovo is listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange under Lenovo Group Limited (HKSE: 992) (ADR: LNVGY).

This transformation together with Lenovo’s world-changing innovation is building a more inclusive, trustworthy, and smarter future for everyone, everywhere. To find out more visit www.lenovo.com, and read about the latest news via our StoryHub.

Lenovo is looking for a Software Engineer to join our AI Productization team in Chicago.

Key Responsibilities


Developing and integratingAI-enhanced mobile applicationsusingAndroid and Kotlin.
Developing and experimenting withgenerative AI techniquesto create smart, context-aware user experiences across a number of mobile products and platforms.
Assisting in the integration of AI ecosystem models intothe mobile delegation architecture.
Collaborating with cross-functional teamsto take delivery of AI ecosystem components and integrate them into MBG product platforms and experiences.
Staying current with the latest trends inAI/ML, mobile development, and cloud technologies.


Basic Qualifications


BS or MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.
2–3 years of professional experience in mobile, embedded, or AI systems development(Android/Kotlin or iOS/Swift), with a track record of contributing to shipped features or products.
Python,Java, C++ experience, and a strong foundation indata structures and algorithms.
Exposure tocloud platforms(AWS, GCP, or Azure).
Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for learning new technologies.


Preferred Qualifications


Experience inAI/ML, especiallygenerative AIorprompt engineering.
Understanding ofsystem architectureand interest in embedded or hardware-integrated AI.
Experience with tools likeAndroid Studio,Git, orJira.


The base salary budgeted range for this position is $88k - 118K. Individuals may also be considered for bonus and/or commission.

Lenovo’s various benefits can be found on [1] www.lenovobenefits.com.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class.