About the job

Lensa is a career site that helps job seekers find great jobs in the US. We are not a staffing firm or agency. Lensa does not hire directly for these jobs, but promotes jobs on LinkedIn on behalf of its direct clients, recruitment ad agencies, and marketing partners. Lensa partners with DirectEmployers to promote this job for CGI Technologies and Solutions, Inc.. Clicking "Apply Now" or "Read more" on Lensa redirects you to the job board/employer site. Any information collected there is subject to their terms and privacy notice.

Software Developer -- Entry Level

Category: Software Development/ Engineering

Main location: United States, Nevada, Henderson

Position ID: J0825-1458

Employment Type: Graduate

Position Description

Launch a world-class career with us.

Are you driven by the power of technology and its role in transforming business and government? Do you thrive in collaborative environments and want to build a career that spans impactful solutions across enterprises and agencies? If so, CGI is the place for you.

As a Software Developer, you'll be an integral part of a highly collaborative team, working alongside architects, engineers, and stakeholders to design, build, and deliver software solutions that elevate IT services. At CGI, you're encouraged to explore your full potential, free from predefined boundaries and guided by the unique value of your contributions.

This position is in Henderson, NV in a hybrid working model.

Fall Application Period: Monday, August 25th 2025 - Friday, October 3rd 2025

Your Future Duties And Responsibilities

How You'll Make an Impact


Design, prototype, and develop software using modern languages and frameworks (e.g., .NET, Java, open-source stacks). 
Apply software design patterns and best practices for scalable, maintainable code. 
Collaborate with team members to continuously improve approaches and tools. 
Build database-integrated solutions, ETL pipelines, and reporting tools using contemporary database technologies. 
Conduct peer code reviews, participate in Agile rituals, and contribute to engineering discussions. 
Support quality assurance by understanding its value, helping craft test plans, and executing test cases. 
Create technical documentation, including requirement specs, design docs, and user manuals. 


Required Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role

What You'll Bring


Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or a related technical field 
Foundational experience in software development (SQL, Java, C#, .NET, J2EE, C++). 
Strong ability to learn new frameworks and technologies quickly. 
A growth-oriented mindset and a passion for learning. 
Excellent analytical thinking, and strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Comfort with ambiguity, adaptability, and team-oriented collaboration. 
Ability to work in the U.S. permanently and without restriction. 


Let's Talk About Benefits


Competitive base salary 
Comprehensive insurance options 
401(k) with company match 
Share purchase plan with a company match 
Paid vacation, holidays, and sick leave 
Up to 14 weeks of Maternity Leave with full pay 
4-week Parental Leave for all non-birth parents 
Attorney-assisted will preparation 
Health savings account 
Disability, life, and accidental death insurance 
Pet insurance 
Work-life balance and flexibility 
Tuition assistance continuous learning opportunities 
Training, mentoring, and career development 
Partner assistance program 
Wellness program 


The best version of you starts here

We're a global company of owners. Over 90,000 partners strong, we bring our diverse backgrounds and perspectives together to solve some of IT and business consulting's toughest problems for some of the world's best companies. Looking for a place that empowers you to explore your full potential and shape your own career? The scale and reach of our impact offer you just that. Join a team of great people, collaborate on meaningful work, and serve the communities you call home while you do it.

CGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to skill set level, experience and training, and licensure and certifications. To support the ability to reward for merit-based performance, CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $57,100 - $94,200.

#CGIEarlyCareers

What You Can Expect From Us

Together, as owners, let's turn meaningful insights into action.

Life at CGI is rooted in ownership, teamwork, respect and belonging. Here, you'll reach your full potential because...

You are invited to be an owner from day 1 as we work together to bring our Dream to life. That's why we call ourselves CGI Partners rather than employees. We benefit from our collective success and actively shape our company's strategy and direction.

Your work creates value. You'll develop innovative solutions and build relationships with teammates and clients while accessing global capabilities to scale your ideas, embrace new opportunities, and benefit from expansive industry and technology expertise.

You'll shape your career by joining a company built to grow and last. You'll be supported by leaders who care about your health and well-being and provide you with opportunities to deepen your skills and broaden your horizons.

Come join our team-one of the largest IT and business consulting services firms in the world.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status or responsibilities, reproductive health decisions, political affiliation, genetic information, height, weight, or any other legally protected status or characteristics to the extent required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws where we do business.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the Position ID of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a Position ID will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Clickhere (https://cgi-veterans.jobs/) to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. Dependent upon role and/or federal government security clearance requirements, and in accordance with applicable laws, some background investigations may include a credit check. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI's legal duty to furnish information.

If you have questions about this posting, please contact support@lensa.com