Lowe's Companies, Inc.

Software Engineer - Fullstack/AI 

Charlotte, NC · 4 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer • Responses managed off LinkedIn

$75.3K/yr - $143.1K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Harshadha and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Innovate in Charlotte

Thank you for dedicating your time and talent to Lowe’s. We want to give you more opportunities to learn and grow, so if you find a position you’re interested in below, we encourage you to apply!

Your Impact

As a Software Engineer for our store's technology team at Lowe’s, you’ll be transforming business needs into innovative software solutions. You will use a variety of computing environments to help us develop and deploy logical applications, from building intuitive UI to developing microservices with cloud-native technologies. The creative solutions you build will be able to impact thousands of our customers and associates daily. The Software Engineer is responsible for working on the search domain experience.

Work with a Winning Team

As part of a Fortune 50 company and retail leader, your work can change an entire industry. Our CEO is a forward-thinker when it comes to tech, and with one of Forbes Top 50 CIOs leading the charge, you can come to work knowing you’ll have access to the data, tools, and support that few other companies can offer. We also know what it takes to create an inclusive culture that supports you.

Our teams are structured around the engineer, giving you the support you need to do your best work. Since we’ve been in business for over 100 years, we’ve built an excellent track record of growth and success. There’s peace of mind knowing you have the stability and resources you need to focus on solving tough challenges. And as you solve these challenges, know you’ll be surrounded by supportive associates with curious minds who listen to you, respect you, and recognize your hard work.

Key Responsibilities


Partners closely with product teams to translate business requirements into scalable program designs and high-quality software solutions. This role focuses primarily on front-end development using modern technologies such as React, Redux, and micro-frontend (MFE) architectures, while also contributing to back-end services and data layers built with Java, Spring Boot, microservices, and SQL/NoSQL databases. The role will also help design and develop AI-powered features, including conversational experiences such as chatbots. 
Designs, codes, and modifies integrated business and enterprise application solutions within various computing environments, utilizing component-based applications and various programming languages. 
Tests applications using test-driven and behavior-driven development frameworks to ensure solution integrity, testability, maintainability, and efficiency. 
Conducts root cause analysis, participates in code reviews, and solves complex technical problems to optimize application performance
Implements CI/CD processes using DevOps automation tools and builds reusable libraries to enhance cross-team productivity and ensure successful application deployment. 


Minimum Qualifications


2 years of experience in software development or a related field
2 years of experience working on project(s) involving the implementation of solutions applying development life cycles (SDLC) through iterative agile development
2 years' experience working with any of the following: frontend technologies (user interface/user experience), middleware (microservices and application programming interfaces), database technologies, or DevOps
Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer information systems, or related field (or equivalent work experience in lieu of degree)


Preferred Skills/Experience


We encourage you to apply even if you do not have all the preferred skills or experience. *
2 years of experience writing technical documentation in a software environment and developing and implementing business systems within an organization. 
Familiarity with messaging systems such as RabbitMQ, Kafka, or ActiveMQ. 
Experience with NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. 


Benefits


401k with up to 4.25% match
Discounted Employee Stock Purchase Plan (15% discount of strike price)
Tuition-Free Education
10-Week Maternity/Parental Leave
10% Associate Discount


For information about our benefit programs and eligibility, please visit https://talent.lowes.com/us

Lowe’s is an equal opportunity employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, age, ancestry, national origin, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other category protected under federal, state, or local law.

Pay Range: $75,300.00 - $143,100.00 annually Starting rate of pay may vary based on factors including, but not limited to, position offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. For information regarding our benefit programs and eligibility, please visit https://talent.lowes.com/us/en/benefits.
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer - Fullstack/AI, Charlotte, North Carolina, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

172

total

172

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

88% Entry level candidates

6% Senior level candidates

1% VP level candidates

Candidate education level

91

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


8

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Lowe's Companies, Inc.
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Pro Customer Focus: Lowe's is committed to increasing Pro customer penetration by investing in the right brands and products, enhancing inventory depth, improving job site delivery, and providing dedicated service levels and a better digital experience for Pro customers.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Expanding operations: The 'Operations' department has seen an 11% increase in employee count, indicating a significant focus on operational growth and efficiency improvements. Growing sales force: The 'Sales' department has experienced an 8% increase in headcount, suggesting a strategic push to boost sales and market presence. Increased focus on legal and healthcare services: The 'Legal' and 'Healthcare Services' departments have grown by 18% and 35% respectively, highlighting new initiatives in compliance and employee well-being. Investment in education and entrepreneurship: The 'Education' and 'Entrepreneurship' departments have seen substantial increases of 19% and 29%, respectively, pointing to a commitment to employee development and innovation.
… more

The latest hiring trend

106,582

Total employees

16%

Company-wide

2 year growth

7%

Information Technology

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000
150000

Median employee tenure: 5.4 years

Lowe's Companies, Inc. hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Lowe's Companies, Inc. hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

Lowe's Companies, Inc. hired 36 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Lowe's Companies operates in a highly competitive home improvement retail market, primarily competing with The Home Depot, Menards, and True Value. The company has undergone significant transformation over the past few years, focusing on enhancing customer experience and expanding its product offerings. Strategic acquisitions, such as the recent purchase of Foundation Building Materials, aim to strengthen Lowe's market position. The competitive landscape is characterized by the need for innovation, customer loyalty programs, and a robust e-commerce presence to capture market share.
… more

Sources: finance.yahoo.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Lowe's Companies, Inc.

865,198 followers

Follow

Retail

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

106,582 on LinkedIn

Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE: LOW) is a FORTUNE® 50 home improvement company serving approximately 20 million customers a week in the United States. Lowe’s and its related businesses operate or service more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores and employ over 300,000 associates. Based in Mooresville, N.C., Lowe’s supports the communities it serves through programs focused on creating safe, affordable housing and helping to develop the next generation of skilled trade experts. For more information, visit Lowes.com.

… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Computer Systems Engineer

Adaptive Networks

Bakersfield, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on October 29, 2025, 12:26 PM
2 months ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Software Engineer, Full Stack

ALIGNMT AI

United States (Remote)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 6, 2026, 10:29 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding AI Engineer (Verified job)
Founding AI Engineer 

Second Nature Computing

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$180K/yr - $230K/yr + Stock options

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 4, 2026, 3:30 PM
3 days ago

Distributed Systems Software Engineer

Stealth AI CyberSecurity Startup

Brooklyn, NY (On-site)

$180K/yr - $250K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 19, 2025, 11:00 AM
2 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Developer with BI & Reporting Expertise

On Location

Lawrence, NJ (Remote)

Vision, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 29, 2025, 12:46 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

AIDA

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 22, 2025, 8:48 AM
2 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, AI Agent

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$140K/yr - $180K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 3:05 PM
5 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Solutions Engineer

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$80K/yr - $100K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:05 PM
5 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

Flowmentum, Inc.

United States (Remote)

$8,500/month - $10.5K/month

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 18, 2025, 10:05 PM
2 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI/ML Full Stack Engineer (Mid Level)

Media Mogul

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

$110K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 31, 2025, 11:39 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Back End Developer

Datasent

Austin, Texas Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 12, 2025, 9:03 AM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full-Stack Developer — AI Agent Platform for Financial Services (Google Cloud / Vertex AI)

Insomniac Hedge Fund Guy

United States (Remote)

$60/hr - $70/hr

Posted on January 4, 2026, 11:43 AM
3 days ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))