Lumen Technologies

Software Developer I 

United States · 5 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$55.3K/yr - $73.8K/yr
Remote
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

About Lumen

Lumen connects the world. We are igniting business growth by connecting people, data and applications – quickly, securely, and effortlessly. Together, we are building a culture and company from the people up – committed to teamwork, trust and transparency. People power progress.

We’re looking for top-tier talent and offer the flexibility you need to thrive and deliver lasting impact. Join us as we digitally connect the world and shape the future.

The Role

This position is in a software development team that focuses on products and services aimed at telecommunications customers. Services may be deployed in the cloud as part of a public networking platform or as part of a private service delivery framework. The team is part of a larger agile product development group within the CTO organization involved in the Lumen innovation process.

Location

This is a Work from Home position within the U.S.

The Main Responsibilities

Who we are

Lumen Cloud is the focal point for all cloud-related development inside the larger Lumen Corporation. We consciously maintain our small companystartup feel, while taking advantage of the resources available from such a large company. As such, we have a very strongly focused devops culture, highly skilled agile workforce, with development as our core activity. We build the cloud, we build the applications that run on it, and we make it run. Every day. All the time. It's what we do.

The position

We have an opening for an entry level Software Engineer to expand our team of engineers who are developing Lumen's cloud infrastructure. This person would contribute to building one of the products that run as part of our cloud architecture, touching all aspects of the development lifecycle from coding to deployment all the way to support.

Who we hire

We want to hire unbelievably bright developers, who are a joy to work with, love to work with others, solve problems, listen well, and lead as appropriate. Oh, yeah, they have to love to learn new things, too. On top of that, our ideal candidate also should have a passion for cloud computing and for creating applications and services that make developers' lives easier while helping them create their enterprise-ready applications.

Limiting yourself to just one area of the technology stack would be unthinkable for this kind of developer, so we hope that you are comfortable doing everything from creating beautiful, friendly UIs, to crafting logical and easy to use APIs, all the way to writing distributed computing algorithms between applications running on entirely different clouds.

Since our teams operate in an extremely Agile culture, using a combination of XP and Kanban practices and processes, you'd be encouraged to collaborate closely, deliver small pieces of working software frequently, work in pairs, write your code test first, and think about things like cycle time and WIP limits. All of this adds up to an exciting, challenging, and always interesting place to work, where hard problems are found and solved every day.

What We Look For In a Candidate


At least 1 years of experience in Core Java Python NodeJS
Understand requirements and provide solutions with good turnaround time
Ability to learn new technologies and implement with little to no guidance
Excels at working in a fast-paced, startup mode.


Required Skills


6 monthsdevelopment experience
3-6 monthsexperience with a modern programming language like Java, C#, Node.js, GO, Python or similar
3-6 monthsexperience with concurrent or distributed programming techniques


Desired Skills


Functional programming experience
Solid understanding of network protocols
Linux admin and programming skills


Compensation

This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.

Location Based Pay Ranges

$55,313 - $73,750 in these states: AL AR AZ FL GA IA ID IN KS KY LA ME MO MS MT ND NE NM OH OK PA SC SD TN UT VT WI WV WY

$58,078 - $77,438 in these states: CO HI MI MN NC NH NV OR RI

$60,844 - $81,125 in these states: AK CA CT DC DE IL MA MD NJ NY TX VA WA

Lumen offers a comprehensive package featuring a broad range of Health, Life, Voluntary Lifestyle benefits and other perks that enhance your physical, mental, emotional and financial wellbeing. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have about our bonus structure (short-term incentives, long-term incentives and/or sales compensation) as you move through the selection process.

Learn more about Lumen's:BenefitsBonus Structure

Requisition #: 340693

Background Screening

If you are selected for a position, there will be a background screen, which may include checks for criminal records and/or motor vehicle reports and/or drug screening, depending on the position requirements. For more information on these checks, please refer to the Post Offer section of our FAQ page. Job-related concerns identified during the background screening may disqualify you from the new position or your current role. Background results will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Equal Employment Opportunities

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The job responsibilities described above indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not intended to include a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities for this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on evolving business needs and conditions.

In any materials you submit, you may redact or remove age-identifying information such as age, date of birth, or dates of school attendance or graduation. You will not be penalized for redacting or removing this information.

Please be advised that Lumen does not require any form of payment from job applicants during the recruitment process. All legitimate job openings will be posted on our official website or communicated through official company email addresses. If you encounter any job offers that request payment in exchange for employment at Lumen, they are not for employment with us, but may relate to another company with a similar name.


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Developer I, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

772

total

772

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

80% Entry level candidates

10% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

69

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


28

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


2

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Lumen Technologies
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Network Expansion and Enhancement: Lumen Technologies is focused on expanding and enhancing its fiber network to meet the increasing demand for robust, scalable network services. This includes connecting more buildings to their network to generate revenue opportunities and reduce reliance on other carriers.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on Marketing and Quality Assurance: The 'Marketing' and 'Quality Assurance' departments have seen significant growth with 11% and 12% increases in employee percentage difference, respectively, indicating new initiatives in these areas. Expansion in Program and Project Management: The 'Program and Project Management' department has grown by 6%, suggesting a strategic focus on managing and executing new projects. Growth in Business Development and Entrepreneurship: The 'Business Development' and 'Entrepreneurship' departments have increased by 8% and 40%, respectively, highlighting a push towards new business ventures and innovation. Stability in Information Technology and Engineering: The 'Information Technology' and 'Engineering' departments have maintained steady growth with 4% and 3% increases, respectively, indicating ongoing investment in core technical capabilities.
… more

The latest hiring trend

50,013

Total employees

1%

Company-wide

2 year growth

1%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 49417 to 50313.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
25000
50000
75000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 4.6 years

Lumen Technologies hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Lumen Technologies hired 4 people from University of Southern California. See all

Lumen Technologies hired 19 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Lumen Technologies is navigating a highly competitive telecommunications landscape, focusing on strategic partnerships and infrastructure upgrades to enhance its fiber network and AI capabilities. The company is prioritizing debt reduction and cost optimization to strengthen its financial stability while reallocating resources to AI and multi-cloud network expansion. Despite facing significant challenges, including revenue declines and heavy debt, Lumen is leveraging its extensive network to support AI and digital transformation initiatives.
… more

Sources: tracxn.com +1 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Lumen Technologies

595,976 followers

Follow

Telecommunications

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

17,227 on LinkedIn

Lumen connects the world. We digitally connect people, data and applications – quickly, securely and effortlessly. Everything we do at Lumen takes advantage of our network strength. From metro connectivity to long-haul data transport to our edge cloud, security, and managed service capabilities, we meet our customers’ needs today and as they build for tomorrow. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Full Stack Engineer

eTrigue Corp.

San Jose, CA (Remote)

Posted on January 20, 2026, 7:43 PM
1 week ago

Senior Go High Level Expert

Brenda Breland LLC

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 3:49 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

Scint AI

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on February 1, 2026, 2:30 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Developer Advocate (Developer Evangelist)

Typesense

United States (Remote)

$150K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 2:33 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Backend & Infrastructure Engineer (Equity-Only)

TwinWise AI

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 31, 2026, 7:00 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer (Remote)

Refresh

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:44 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Next.js / React Website Designer & Developer

True Social Marketing

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 30, 2026, 8:46 AM
3 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Domo Engineer

swyft

United States (Remote)

$40/hr - $70/hr

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 15, 2026, 7:50 AM
2 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Inference Engineer

Mirai Tech Inc

San Francisco Bay Area (Remote)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 28, 2026, 2:41 PM
5 days ago

Software Engineer (Python/ASP.NET/SQL) (Verified job)
Software Engineer (Python/ASP.NET/SQL) 

NBCUniversal

New York, NY (Remote)

$105K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

Vision, 401(k)

124 company alumni work here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 9:18 AM
9 hours ago

Back-End Software Engineer (Go) (Verified job)
Back-End Software Engineer (Go) 

Wizer - Free Security Awareness Training

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 19, 2026, 6:47 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Infrastructure Engineer, Core

Ferrum Health

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 30, 2026, 5:09 PM
3 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))