About the job

Our imaging services are rapidly growing and we are currently seeking a full-time Software Engineer to join our team developing applications for the analysis and quantification of medical images (CT, MRI, etc.) using advanced techniques such as artificial intelligence and deep learning.

Responsibilities


Design and develop image quantification applications using advanced techniques such as artificial intelligence and deep learning; integrate these applications into Medpace’s image management system
Conduct unit testing, participate in software validation process through development, review and execution of test scripts
Follow the company’s software development lifecycle processes in a highly regulated environment (drug development)
Communicate with team members regarding projects, development, tools, and procedures
Provide end-user support including setup, installation, and maintenance for applications released
Write technical documentation


Qualifications


Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent, or higher
Excellent programming skills, at least 2 years of software development experience
Knowledge of standard image processing techniques (segmentation, registration, etc.)
Experience in machine learning or deep learning
Other appreciated skills/knowledge:
Programming languages: C#, python, javascript, typescript
Cloud systems (Azure, AWS, etc.)
Machine/deep learning frameworks ( TensorFlow, Keras, etc.)
Code management tools: TFS/DevOps, git.
Team spirit
Good level of communication


TRAVEL: None

Medpace Overview

Medpace is a full-service clinical contract research organization (CRO). We provide Phase I-IV clinical development services to the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and medical device industries. Our mission is to accelerate the global development of safe and effective medical therapeutics through its scientific and disciplined approach. We leverage local regulatory and therapeutic expertise across all major areas including oncology, cardiology, metabolic disease, endocrinology, central nervous system, anti-viral and anti-infective. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, employing more than 5,000 people across 40+ countries.

Why Medpace?

People. Purpose. Passion. Make a Difference Tomorrow. Join Us Today.

The work we’ve done over the past 30+ years has positively impacted the lives of countless patients and families who face hundreds of diseases across all key therapeutic areas. The work we do today will improve the lives of people living with illness and disease in the future.

Cincinnati Perks


Cincinnati Campus Overview
Flexible work environment
Competitive PTO packages, starting at 20+ days
Competitive compensation and benefits package
Company-sponsored employee appreciation events
Employee health and wellness initiatives
Community involvement with local nonprofit organizations
Discounts on local sports games, fitness gyms and attractions
Modern, ecofriendly campus with an on-site fitness center
Structured career paths with opportunities for professional growth
Discounted tuition for UC online programs


Awards


Named a Top Workplace in 2024 by The Cincinnati Enquirer
Recognized by Forbes as one of America's Most Successful Midsize Companies in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024
Continually recognized with CRO Leadership Awards from Life Science Leader magazine based on expertise, quality, capabilities, reliability, and compatibility


What To Expect Next

A Medpace team member will review your qualifications and, if interested, you will be contacted with details for next steps.