Meter

Software Engineer, Product

New York, NY · 17 minutes ago · 8 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$163K/yr - $220K/yr
Remote
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Recent Software Engineer, Product hires at Meter

Show all
About the job

Our dashboard is the preeminent way our customers and partners interact with our products. It’s where complex networks become simple, where infrastructure decisions become clear, and where businesses gain confidence in their connectivity. As a product engineer at Meter, you’ll shape how companies visualize and interact with the networks that keep them running, transforming dense technical systems into intuitive, elegant, and performant experiences.

The impact you’ll drive


Create data visualizations that go beyond charts. You’ll give businesses real-time insight into device health, connectivity and performance. 
Ensure every interaction feels instantaneous by improving render, load, and scroll performance
Adapt our dashboard to shine on any screen
Build reusable visualization components and design patterns that empower the entire team to move faster. 


What Your Craft Looks Like

You will work in TypeScript, React, Vercel, and GraphQL to deliver fast, resilient, and beautiful experiences across varied use cases. That means getting the fundamentals right: well-tested code, intuitive interfaces, and ensuring swift performance at scale. You’ll evolve Meter’s in-house Design System, expand reusable components, and collaborate closely with Design and Engineering peers to accelerate product delivery.

What Makes You a Fit


You bring both deep technical craft and hold a high bar for quality and polish
You operate with autonomy, communicate with clarity, and find energy in helping others move faster
You care about building elegant systems that scale and unlock better customer outcomes
You’re motivated by the opportunity to shape the foundation of a fast-growing company, where even small improvements create outsized impact. 


Why Meter?

The internet runs the world. Every purchase you make, video call you join, it's all packets flowing through networks. But those networks haven’t changed for decades. They’re brittle, complex, and surprisingly hard to set up in an enterprise space.

We started Meter to build better networks. We had to build everything from the ground-up: designing and building our own enterprise hardware, intuitive software, and streamlined operations to deliver great outcomes for our customers. Today, we build and deploy these networks at scale. Ambitious companies and enduring institutions like Bridgewater, Lyft, Reddit, rely on Meter to keep their thousands of employees and locations online and productive.

Compensation


The estimated salary range for this role is $163,000 - $220,000. 
Additionally, this role is eligible to participate in Meter's equity plan. 


By applying to this job you acknowledge that you've read and understood Meter's Job Applicant Privacy Notice.


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Product, New York, New York, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

8

total

8

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

75% Entry level candidates

25% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

71

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


14

%

have an Associate's Degree


14

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Meter
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Innovative Networking Solutions: Meter aims to change the way local area networks are built and managed, focusing on innovative solutions like WAN/LAN collaboration and cellular solutions as DAS replacements.

...more

Sources: fierce-network.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in sales: The 'Sales' department has seen a 185% increase in headcount over the past year, indicating a major initiative to boost sales efforts and market presence. Expansion in marketing: The 'Marketing' department experienced a 233% increase in headcount, suggesting a strong focus on marketing initiatives and brand development. Investment in human resources: The 'Human Resources' department grew by 400%, highlighting a strategic move to enhance talent acquisition and employee management capabilities. Growth in engineering and IT: The 'Engineering' and 'Information Technology' departments have increased by 39% and 67% respectively, reflecting a commitment to innovation and technological advancement.
… more

The latest hiring trend

185

Total employees

147%

Company-wide

2 year growth

0%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
100
200

Median employee tenure: 1 years

Competitors

Meter operates in the enterprise internet infrastructure industry, providing hardware, software, and network management tools. The competitive landscape is highly dynamic with numerous players focusing on innovation in network optimization, security, and scalability. Companies like Cisco, Juniper Networks, and Arista Networks are key competitors, each offering robust solutions that cater to various enterprise needs. Strategic imperatives for Meter include continuous innovation, enhancing security features, and expanding market reach to maintain a competitive edge.
… more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Meter

13,025 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

51-200 employees

 • 

185 on LinkedIn

Meter provides internet infrastructure for businesses. Headquartered in San Francisco, we were founded in 2015 to build enterprise-grade networks that are faster, more accessible, and more secure. Our full-stack approach combines hardware, software, and operations so that any company can seamlessly run on a reliable and modern network. We believe the internet is a fundamental utility that businesses should be able to turn on as easily as water and electricity.

Our team includes people who have helped scale successful companies and recent graduates who are eager to learn and build. We’re looking for people who are excited to work on interesting problems, enjoy learning from and helping each other, and above all, are kind and ambitious. We’re building for the long term, and we’re just getting started. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Senior Go High Level Expert

Brenda Breland LLC

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 3:49 PM
3 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer II (Verified job)
Software Engineer II 

Mercury Insurance

Brea, CA (On-site)

$83.7K/yr - $161.8K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 29, 2026, 5:53 PM
48 minutes ago

Cofounder / Software Engineer (Equity Only, Pre-Funding)

Forboc AI

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 27, 2026, 6:56 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

undisclosed

United States (Remote)

$160K/yr - $320K/yr

 • 

8 benefits

7 school alumni work here

Posted on January 28, 2026, 7:07 PM
23 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer (Remote)

Refresh

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:44 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Development Engineer

Mercor

United States (Remote)

$50/hr - $150/hr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 27, 2026, 2:58 PM
2 days ago

Back-End Software Engineer (Go) (Verified job)
Back-End Software Engineer (Go) 

Wizer - Free Security Awareness Training

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 19, 2026, 6:47 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Stats & Analytics (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Stats & Analytics 

StackAdapt

United States (Remote)

401(k) benefit

7 school alumni work here

Posted on January 29, 2026, 12:10 PM
6 hours ago

Software Engineer - Integration Specialist (Verified job)
Software Engineer - Integration Specialist 

Corporate Central Credit Union

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 18, 2026, 6:48 AM
1 week ago

Senior Developer Advocate (Developer Evangelist)

Typesense

United States (Remote)

$150K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 2:33 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Engineer

SutureHealth

United States (Remote)

4 benefits

Posted on January 29, 2026, 8:59 AM
9 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Software Engineer

Mainstay

United States (Remote)

$120K/yr - $140K/yr

 • 

7 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 27, 2026, 7:48 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))