About the job

Overview

As Microsoft continues to push the boundaries of AI, we are on the lookout for passionate individuals to work with us on the most interesting and challenging AI questions of our time. Our vision is bold and broad — to build systems that have true artificial intelligence across agents, applications, services, and infrastructure. It’s also inclusive: we aim to make AI accessible to all — consumers, businesses, developers — so that everyone can realize its benefits.

Microsoft AI (MAI) is seeking software e ngineers to help build the next wave of capabilities of our personal AI, Copilot. We’re looking for someone who possesses technical prowess, a methodical approach to problem-solving , proficiency in backend technologies and who will bring an abundance of positive energy, empathy, and kindness to the team every day. The right candidate enjoys building world-class consumer experiences and products in a fast-paced environment. You would b e joining a team responsible for building core feature s into Copilot that delight our users in collaborating with our Product Management, Design and AI Research teams.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Starting January 26, 2026, Microsoft AI (MAI) employees who live within a 50- mile commute of a designated Microsoft office in the U.S. or 25-mile commute of a non-U.S., country-specific location are expected to work from the office at least four days per week. This expectation is subject to local law and may vary by jurisdiction.

Responsibilities


 Build s secure and performant AI services & features that power Copilot. 
 Work s collaboratively with p latform, infrastructure, application engineers as well as AI Researchers to build next generation AI products and services. 
 Ship s high-quality, well-tested, secure, and maintainable code. 
 Find s a path to get things done despite roadblocks to get your work into the hands of users quickly and iteratively. 
 Enjoy s working in a fast-paced, design-driven, product development cycle. 
 Embody our Culture and Values . 


Qualifications

 Required Qualifications: 


 Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical discipline,
 OR equivalent experience. 
 T echnical engineering experience building web applications with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Python, or Golang . 
 Demonstrated experience building applications or features with Large Language Models (LLMs) or AI APIs, whether through professional work, personal projects, open-source contributions, or similar initiatives. 

Preferred Qualifications


 Experience working with AI platforms, frameworks, and APIs. 
 Experience using Machine Learning frameworks, including experience using, deploying, and scaling multimodal models, either personally or professionally. 
 Ability to identify , analyze, and resolve complex technical issues, ensuring optimal performance, scalability, and user experience. 
 Dedication to writing clean, maintainable, and well-documented code with a focus on application quality, performance, and security. 
 Demonstrated interpersonal skills and ability to work closely with cross-functional teams, including product managers, designers, and other engineers. 
 Ability to clearly communicate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. 
 Passion for learning new technologies and staying up to date with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in web development and AI. 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, manage multiple priorities, and adapt to changing requirements and deadlines. 
 Proven ability to collaborate and contribute to a positive, inclusive work environment, fostering knowledge sharing and growth within the team . 


Software Engineering IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $84,200 - $165,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $109,000 - $180,400 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

Microsoft will accept applications and process offers for these roles on an ongoing basis.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form .

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.