About the job

Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential - and excitement for the journey ahead.

We’re a company of learn-it-alls rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes.

As a Software Engineer you will develop software, tools and code to be used in support of design, infrastructure, and technology platforms as well as commercial or end-user applications. This opportunity will allow you to create and implement extensible and maintainable code for a product, service, or feature. You will partner with stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature and consider a variety of feedback channels to incorporate insights into future designs or solution fixes. You will collaborate with others to create a clear and articulated plan for testing, assuring quality of solutions, while applying knowledge of debugging tools, logs, telemetry, and other methods to proactively flag issues. This opportunity will allow you to learn about customer scaling requirements and the application of best practices for meeting scaling needs and performance expectations, while ensuring the correct processes are followed to achieve a high degree of security, privacy, safety, and accessibility.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Please note this application is only for US-based roles that are not tied to a specific Microsoft office location. For roles in other offices in the United States, please see our Careers site. 

Responsibilities


Learns to review and break down work items into tasks with stakeholder collaboration, provide estimations, and escalate delays, while also supporting feature deployments to customers, considering user and service impacts, and adhering to best deployment practices for safety. 
Collaborates with key stakeholders to define feature requirements, integrates feedback to enhance design, and establishes feedback loops for continuous improvement based on customer metrics. 
Learns and applies coding standards and best practices through code reviews, developing maintainable and extensible code with guidance. Utilizes debugging tools to proactively and reactively address issues in product features, ensuring code quality and reliability. 
Supports the identification of dependencies and design documentation for product features, learns about system interactions and back-end dependencies, and contributes to architectural processes under guidance. Produces code to test hypotheses for technical solutions and assists with technical validation efforts. Collaborates on quality assurance plans, augments test cases, and integrates automation into testing, while understanding the implications of security and compliance in system architecture.
Contributes to data analysis and feedback integration for product engineering decisions, acting as a Designated Responsible Individual (DRI) for monitoring and restoring system functionality within Service Level Agreement (SLA) timeframe. Participates in live service operations, and supports telemetry data integration for system behavior insights, with a focus on performance, reliability, and safety. 
Develops and applies best practices for reliable code building, understands global and local regulations, customer scaling requirements, and support communication with key partners across Microsoft for user experience enhancement and partner needs. 
Ensures compliance with security, privacy, safety, and accessibility standards, leverages developer tools for code creation and debugging, contributes to automation in production and deployment, and proactively seeks knowledge to improve product availability, reliability, efficiency, and performance at scale.


Qualifications

Required Qualifications


Bachelor's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical discipline,
OR equivalent experience.
Proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python.

Preferred Qualifications


Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field AND 1+ year(s) technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python OR equivalent experience.
OR Master's Degree (or currently pursuing a degree) in Computer Science or related technical field with proven experience coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python.

Software Engineering IC2 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $84,200 - $165,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $109,000 - $180,400 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

Microsoft will accept applications for these roles until September 30, 2025.

#EiP

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.