About the job

About The Company

Moab is a seed stage company founded by early employees of Ramp and Uber.

We're funded by a top Bay Area venture firm and a leading industry-focused venture firm.

Moab is building heavy equipment rental and dealer management software with the aim to automate all aspects of running these businesses - including managing inventory, orders, billing, service, repair, dispatch, and accounting.

The equipment dealer and rental market is an integral part of the multi-trillion dollar construction, agriculture, and logistics industries. It is currently under served by antiquated, incumbent software solutions - most of which were incepted in the 1980's and 1990's.

Our ultimate goal is to connect everyone who is selling, buying, renting, servicing, or utilizing equipment. We're starting by building a new system-of-record for equipment rental businesses that will increase back office efficiency and generate additional front office revenue.

The founding team has deep expertise in building and selling B2B SaaS. It's comprised of:


Charles Soll (CEO)
Patrick Anderson (CTO)
Rodda John (Lead Engineer)


About The Role

Moab is hiring engineers to build software alongside Patrick Anderson and Rodda John.

Our ideal candidate is highly proficient with their tools - having put them to use over many repetitions, taking the time to understand their depth.

We use Python, Unix, and Postgres to build Moab's backend. Our frontend is built with React.js and TypeScript.

Patrick wrote about his approach to building engineering teams here. Rodda wrote briefly about his approach to building software here and at length here.

Moab engineering will appeal to you if you'd like to work on a team that keeps the tech stack simple, measures their CI/CD time in seconds, has a deeply technical leader, only works on things that move the needle for the business, and ships more than its competitors with a fraction of their headcount.

What you'll do


Build the reliable, maintainable, and minimal software that comprises our product
Collaborate with customers to provide feedback on their proposals and assess feasibility of implementation
Lay the foundation of our engineering culture


What you'll need


Experience working at a venture backed company
Track record of shipping software that balances time to market with reliability
Ability to translate a product vision into elegant software abstractions
Full-stack experience


Compensation

The annual salary for this role is $150,000 to $200,000 plus equity plus benefits

Benefits (for US based full-time employees)

Medical, dental, and vision insurance coverage

Compensation Range: $150K - $200K