Morgan Stanley

Associate, Software Engineer 

New York, NY · 6 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$150K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

Company Profile

Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment, and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide, including corporations, governments, and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.

In Technology, we leverage innovation to build the connections and capabilities that power our Firm, enabling our clients and colleagues to redefine markets and shape the future of our communities.

What You’ll Do In The Role

Morgan Stanley Services Group, Inc. seeks an Associate, Software Engineer in New York, New York to design, develop and maintain applications used by internal business units. business and technical teams to gather and analyze requirements. Make system design decisions, evaluating, integrating and developing necessary software, and then test and deploy applications to production. Develop high-performing, low-latency electronic trading systems, and evolving complex workflows and life-cycle management capabilities are just some of the projects available for developers. Telecommuting permitted up to 2 days per week.

What You’ll Bring To The Role


Requires a Master’s in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field.
Requires any amount of experience in the position offered or as a Software Developer, Computer Systems Engineer, or a closely related occupation.
Requires Any amount of experience with the following skills:
Object-oriented programming
Workflow management
Large data processing
System integration
User Interface development
Automated and user testing
Scripting
Data structures
Business related software development
Software development life cycle
Micro-services architecture
Business Process Model and Notation, Decision Model and Notation solutioning
Java Backend Development
Relational and non-relational database
Linux/Unix app development
Agile Project Development
Python application development and data processing
Functional programming
Data visualization


Expected base pay rates for the role will be between $150,000 and $150,000 per year at the commencement of employment. However, base pay if hired will be determined on an individualized basis and is only part of the total compensation package, which, depending on the position, may also include commission earnings, incentive compensation, discretionary bonuses, other short and long-term incentive packages, and other Morgan Stanley sponsored benefit programs.

What You Can Expect From Morgan Stanley

At Morgan Stanley, we raise, manage and allocate capital for our clients – helping them reach their goals. We do it in a way that’s differentiated – and we’ve done that for 90 years. Our values - putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas, committing to diversity and inclusion, and giving back - aren’t just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day to do what's best for our clients, communities and more than 80,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 42 countries. At Morgan Stanley, you’ll find an opportunity to work alongside the best and the brightest, in an environment where you are supported and empowered. Our teams are relentless collaborators and creative thinkers, fueled by their diverse backgrounds and experiences. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. There’s also ample opportunity to move about the business for those who show passion and grit in their work.

To learn more about our offices across the globe, please copy and paste https://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices into your browser.

Morgan Stanley's goal is to build and maintain a workforce that is diverse in experience and background but uniform in reflecting our standards of integrity and excellence. Consequently, our recruiting efforts reflect our desire to attract and retain the best and brightest from all talent pools. We want to be the first choice for prospective employees.

It is the policy of the Firm to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, sex stereotype, gender, gender identity or expression, transgender, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, marital and civil partnership/union status, pregnancy, veteran or military service status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce (M/F/Disability/Vet).
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Associate Software Engineer, New York, New York, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

974

total

974

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

83% Entry level candidates

9% Senior level candidates

1% Manager level candidates

Candidate education level

83

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


15

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Morgan Stanley
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Talent Retention and Productivity: Morgan Stanley focuses on reducing turnover and maintaining productivity by addressing financial stress among employees, aligning with broader HR priorities.

...more

Sources: ainvest.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in healthcare services: The 'Healthcare Services' department has seen a 95% increase in employee count, indicating a major new initiative in expanding healthcare-related services. Expansion in education: The 'Education' department has experienced a 56% increase in headcount, suggesting a strong focus on educational initiatives and programs. Increase in sales and arts and design: The 'Sales' and 'Arts and Design' departments have grown by 31% and 33% respectively, highlighting a push towards enhancing sales capabilities and creative functions. Growth in customer success and support: The 'Customer Success and Support' department has seen a 12% increase in headcount, reflecting an emphasis on improving customer service and support functions.
… more

The latest hiring trend

99,764

Total employees

16%

Company-wide

2 year growth

8%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000
150000

Median employee tenure: 4.2 years

Morgan Stanley hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Morgan Stanley hired 21 people from University of Southern California. See all

Morgan Stanley hired 496 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Morgan Stanley operates in a highly competitive financial services landscape, facing significant competition from other major investment banks and financial advisory firms. The company differentiates itself through strategic innovations, a diversified revenue stream, and a strong focus on wealth and asset management. However, it must continuously adapt to market changes and competitive pressures, particularly in areas like talent retention and evolving client needs.
… more

Sources: unbiased.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Morgan Stanley

3,884,156 followers

Follow

Financial Services

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

99,177 on LinkedIn

Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, wealth management and investment management services. With offices in 42 countries, our firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments, institutions and individuals. 

We are committed to maintaining the first-class service and high standard of excellence that have always defined the firm and everything we do is guided by our five core values: Do the right thing, put clients first, lead with exceptional ideas, commit to diversity and inclusion, and give back.

All interactions on/with this account are subject to the Social Media Important Information https://www.morganstanley.com/disclosures/social-media-important-information which includes Morgan Stanley’s Privacy Pledge and relevant disclaimers/disclosures. By interacting with this account, you consent to the retention and monitoring of your interactions.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Embedded Software Engineer (C/C# .NET)

ADMET

Norwood, MA (On-site)

$100K/yr - $120K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:15 PM
21 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

AIDA

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 22, 2025, 8:48 AM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Backend Software Engineer – Matching and Scheduling Optimization

Sage Care

Palo Alto, CA (Hybrid)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on December 4, 2025, 10:19 AM
1 month ago

Staff Software Engineer

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $200K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:55 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer - New Grad

Valon

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
11 hours ago

Associate Software Engineer

Cabana

New York City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

4 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 14, 2026, 5:14 PM
21 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

GumGum

Santa Monica, CA

$128K/yr - $149K/yr

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:30 AM
12 hours ago

Software Engineer

Haystack

Greater St. Louis (Hybrid)

$92K/yr - $147K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:58 PM
37 minutes ago

Software Engineer, Infrastructure

Scaled Cognition

San Jose, CA (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $350K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 7:08 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

Valon

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

$140K/yr - $200K/yr

 • 

1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
11 hours ago

Frontend Engineer | Series B AI Startup

Day One Partners

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $290K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:13 PM
22 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Junior Software Developer

TEAL

Greater Houston (Hybrid)

401(k) benefit

Posted on January 15, 2026, 9:48 AM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))