About the job

Company Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we believe that everything starts with our people. We’re a global close-knit community, united by the relentless pursuit to help keep people safer everywhere. Our critical communications, video security and command center technologies support public safety agencies and enterprises alike, enabling the coordination that’s critical for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals and safer businesses. Connect with a career that matters, and help us build a safer future.

Department Overview

At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.

Our team consists of experienced professionals always looking for new ways of doing things and introducing techniques that promote adaptability and flexibility in the face of unpredictable circumstances. That includes technologies and practices. We are looking for self motivated, innovative individuals to help drive the next generation public safety experience.

Job Description

This team works in Scrum Methodology, and we are looking for a highly motivated Software Engineer to join our team of developers working on cutting edge communication technologies. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing embedded software solutions and supporting existing codebases.

Responsibilities: 


Work in all stages of software development (requirements analysis, design, implementation, unit testing, and documentation). 
Work as part of a larger software engineering team or individually. 
Collaborate with other departments integrating software to support the development, enhancement, and maintenance of elements of the telecommunication infrastructure. 
Contribute to technical reviews of requirements, designs, and test plans. 
Implement features per the project plan. 
Develop unit tests and integration tests for features implemented. 


Desired Skills:


Practical knowledge of using a version control system like GIT. 
Basic knowledge of telecommunications technologies. 
Experience with automation environments (eg. Jenkins). 
Knowledge of Powershell and/or Python. 
Knowledge of Network Protocols (TCP/IP, TLS, UDP). 
Awareness of widely successful Agile techniques: User Stories, ATDD, TDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing. 


Target Base Salary Range: $81,100.00 - $105,300 USD

Consistent with Motorola Solutions values and applicable law, we provide the following information to promote pay transparency and equity. Pay within this range varies and depends on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The actual offer will be based on the individual candidate.

Basic Requirements


Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline is required. 
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. Employer work permit sponsorship is not available for this position. 


Travel Requirements

None

Relocation Provided

None

Position Type

New Grad

Referral Payment Plan

No

Our U.S. Benefits include:


Incentive Bonus Plans
Medical, Dental, Vision benefits
401K with Company Match
10 Paid Holidays
Generous Paid Time Off Packages
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Paid Parental & Family Leave
and more!


EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.

We are proud of our people-first and community-focused culture, empowering every Motorolan to be their most authentic self and to do their best work to deliver on the promise of a safer world. If you’d like to join our team but feel that you don’t quite meet all of the preferred skills, we’d still love to hear why you think you’d be a great addition to our team.

We’re committed to providing an inclusive and accessible recruiting experience for candidates with disabilities, or other physical or mental health conditions. To request an accommodation, please complete this Reasonable Accommodations Form so we can assist you.