Moveworks

Software Engineer, Agentic AI Systems 

Mountain View, CA · 19 minutes ago · 32 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Wentao and others in your network

Show all
About the job

The Role

Software Engineer, Agentic AI Systems (New Grad)

Are you a software engineer who has honed your craft through internships, research, and/or academic projects, and are looking to apply your skills at the cutting edge of AI agents? This may be the role for you.

As a software engineer on our “agent lab” Natural Language Understanding team, you will play an important part in our mission: to advance the frontier of work that can be entrusted to agents to perform reliably at scale. You will have the opportunity to contribute to the evolution of the Moveworks AI Assistant platform in several of the following areas: agent orchestration, sandboxed file systems and code execution, latency optimization, agent memory, LLM self-reflection and improvement, execution environment simulation, enterprise knowledge graphs, and multimodal I/O.

You will have all the tools of modern enterprise AI at your disposal, including best-in-class LLMs from providers like OpenAI. Our team indexes on moving fast on scalable infrastructure, solving challenging product and engineering problems, and pushing the envelope of value provided to customers. If you are looking to do impactful work with a bright, dedicated, and impact-driven team alongside you, we’d love to have a conversation.

What You Will Do:


Take on exciting engineering challenges (see areas listed above) to build and evolve capable AI agent systems that are reliable in every sense of the word
Implement frontier AI algorithms and architectures and help productionize them at scale, with support from senior engineers
Use the latest advances in machine learning, LLMs, and AI agents to enhance our products and create delightful user experiences
Execute on projects to create lasting value for all our customers
Hone your craft in writing robust, extensible, readable, and performant code
Partner with subject matter experts across the company including in machine learning, security, product, user experience, and customer success, to learn from each other and build the best enterprise AI product the world has ever seen
Learn from and collaborate with senior engineers and machine learning engineers to build world-class AI systems


What You Bring To The Table:


Strong programming fundamentals and experience building software through coursework, projects, internships, and/or research
Ability to think and communicate clearly about engineering problems and systems
Eagerness to learn, give and receive feedback, and hold yourself to a high standard of operational excellence
Readiness to hit the ground running in a Mac development environment, programming in Python, Golang, and/or Java
Desire to ship at a startup pace with a high degree of ownership
Attention to detail
Drive to ship product improvements with production-grade code (with guidance and iterative development)
Strong appetite for continuous incremental wins and completing challenging projects fast
High level of curiosity about engineering outside of immediate discipline and ongoing desire to learn and stay at the cutting edge of applied AI


Nice To Have:


Internship or research experience building production-quality software
Experience building with LLMs, particularly in iterating on prompts, on model selection, on cognitive architecture design, and on latency/correctness tradeoffs in a data-driven way
Hands-on experience with one or more stages of a machine learning problem-solving lifecycle, such as experiment setup, dataset curation, model training, offline evaluation and error analysis, deployment, and online evaluation
Experience in AI fairness, privacy, permission controls, safety, and/or security
Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.


Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.

Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer


Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.


Who We Are

Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.

Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.

Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.

In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.

By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.

Come join us!

ServiceNow

It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Mountain View, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

32

total

32

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

75% Entry level candidates

9% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

78

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


22

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Moveworks
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• AI-Powered Work Automation: Moveworks focuses on boosting productivity by streamlining how employees find answers and automate tasks through its AI Assistant platform.

...more

Sources: iiga.news +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 22% increase in headcount, indicating a major focus on expanding technical capabilities and product development. Expansion in sales: The 'Sales' department has experienced a 25% increase in headcount, suggesting a strong push towards market expansion and revenue growth. Increase in business development: The 'Business Development' department has grown by 27%, highlighting efforts to explore new business opportunities and strategic partnerships. Focus on marketing: The 'Marketing' department has grown by 21%, reflecting an increased investment in brand promotion and customer acquisition strategies.
… more

The latest hiring trend

32,652

Total employees

29%

Company-wide

2 year growth

27%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
20000
40000

Median employee tenure: 2.1 years

Moveworks hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Moveworks hired 12 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Moveworks is a significant player in the AI agent space, offering a comprehensive platform for internal service workflows across ITSM, HR, finance, and other departments. The company is recognized for its advanced AI capabilities that automate routine tasks and streamline workflows, enhancing operational efficiency. Moveworks faces competition from other AI agent builders like Kore.ai, Leena AI, and Glean, which also provide robust AI-driven solutions for enterprise service management.
… more

Sources: budibase.com +1 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Moveworks

80,548 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

501-1000 employees

 • 

721 on LinkedIn

Moveworks is the AI Assistant platform the world’s foremost organizations trust to empower their entire workforce with AI that gets work done. 

We cut through operational complexity by unifying siloed business applications — from HR and IT to Finance, Procurement, and beyond — with an intuitive, AI-native experience that meets employees where they work, and in over 100 languages. 

Moveworks combines both search and action in one interface, eliminates AI sprawl, offers hundreds of built-in integrations, and enables developers to quickly deploy specialized AI agents that can solve for almost any business need. 

Our sophisticated Reasoning Engine works to select the right tools to achieve every employee’s end goal, automating complex, multi-step processes reliably and efficiently. 

Surrounded by rigorous security protocols and real-time governance, Moveworks delivers agentic AI with substantial ROI for today’s leading enterprises including Toyota, Instacart, CVS Health, Marriott, HP, GitHub, Hearst, Databricks, and Micron. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Senior Front-End Engineer

ZeroDrift

New York City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

$130K/yr - $160K/yr + Bonus, Stock options

 • 

4 benefits

Posted on January 21, 2026, 10:42 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Lead GTM Engineer (Verified job)
Lead GTM Engineer 

Rutter

New York, NY (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 20, 2026, 6:29 AM
1 day ago

System Engineer

PBE Axell

Charlotte, NC (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 6:14 AM
11 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

IT Systems Engineer

Ventura Tech, Inc.

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

Vision, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 4:03 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Python MCP Developer (AI)

Techiramas Software Solutions

Atlanta, GA (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 21, 2026, 5:13 PM
33 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Avionics Software Engineer

HighQ Aero

Centennial, CO (Hybrid)

Posted on January 21, 2026, 7:47 AM
9 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Full Stack Engineer

Plasiv

San Jose, CA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 4:04 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

EDI Developer

VAULT Strategies

Phoenix, AZ (On-site)

$80K/yr - $100K/yr

Posted on January 20, 2026, 9:28 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Developer Advocate (Developer Evangelist)

Typesense

United States (Remote)

$150K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 2:33 PM
3 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Deployment Engineer

Cumulus

Cypress, TX (Hybrid)

Dental, +1 benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 11:27 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Web Project Manager / Frontend Web Developer

Blackberg Group LLC

Alexandria, VA (Hybrid)

$100K/yr - $140K/yr + Bonus, Profit sharing

Posted on January 21, 2026, 12:00 PM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Lead Software Engineer (AI/LLM)

Prana Tree

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

Posted on January 21, 2026, 9:32 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))