MSCI Inc.

Software Developer (full stack) 

New York, United States · 6 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer • Responses managed off LinkedIn

$115K/yr - $150K/yr
Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Mohit and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Your Team Responsibilities

Individual Contributor

Your Key Responsibilities

Full Stack Developer (AI-Accelerated Development)

AI-Driven Development: Leverage tools like CursorAI, ChatGPT, and other AI copilots to accelerate coding, debugging, and documentation, consistently delivering high-quality code at 5x productivity.

Core Tech Stack Expertise: Design, build, and maintain applications using React (frontend), C# (backend services), Python (automation/AI integration), and Analytical SQL engines for data-intensive solutions.

Quality-First Engineering: Write unit and integration tests upfront as part of the development cycle, ensuring robust, maintainable, and secure deliverables.

Observability & Debugging: Use telemetry, monitoring, and logging tools to proactively debug, optimize performance, and improve system reliability.

End-to-End Ownership: Contribute across the full SDLC — from design and AI-assisted coding to testing, deployment, and continuous improvement — driving innovation and efficiency in every delivery.

Your Skills And Experience That Will Help You Excel

AI-Driven Development : CursorAI, ChatGPT, and other AI copilots to accelerate coding, debugging, and documentation.

Core Tech Stack Expertise: Design, build, and maintain applications using React (frontend), C# (backend services), Python (automation/AI integration), and Analytical SQL engines for data-intensive solutions.

About MSCI

What we offer you


Salary range: $115,000 - $150,000 /year plus eligible for annual bonus.
Transparent compensation schemes and comprehensive employee benefits, tailored to your location, ensuring your financial security, health, and overall wellbeing.
Flexible working arrangements, advanced technology, and collaborative workspaces.
A culture of high performance and innovation where we experiment with new ideas and take responsibility for achieving results.
A global network of talented colleagues, who inspire, support, and share their expertise to innovate and deliver for our clients.
Global Orientation program to kickstart your journey, followed by access to our Learning@MSCI platform, LinkedIn Learning Pro and tailored learning opportunities for ongoing skills development.
Multi-directional career paths that offer professional growth and development through new challenges, internal mobility and expanded roles.
We actively nurture an environment that builds a sense of inclusion belonging and connection, including eight Employee Resource Groups. All Abilities, Asian Support Network, Black Leadership Network, Climate Action Network, Hola! MSCI, Pride & Allies, Women in Tech, and Women’s Leadership Forum.


At MSCI we are passionate about what we do, and we are inspired by our purpose – to power better investment decisions. You’ll be part of an industry-leading network of creative, curious, and entrepreneurial pioneers. This is a space where you can challenge yourself, set new standards and perform beyond expectations for yourself, our clients, and our industry.

MSCI is a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. With over 50 years of expertise in research, data, and technology, we power better investment decisions by enabling clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently build more effective portfolios. We create industry-leading research-enhanced solutions that clients use to gain insight into and improve transparency across the investment process.

MSCI Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy of the firm to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, marital and civil partnership/union status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected parental leave), veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. MSCI is also committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process, please email Disability.Assistance@msci.com and indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. Please note, this e-mail is intended only for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation; it is not intended for other inquiries.

To all recruitment agencies

MSCI does not accept unsolicited CVs/Resumes. Please do not forward CVs/Resumes to any MSCI employee, location, or website. MSCI is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited CVs/Resumes.

Note on recruitment scams

We are aware of recruitment scams where fraudsters impersonating MSCI personnel may try and elicit personal information from job seekers. Read our full note on careers.msci.com
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Developer (full stack), New York, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

287

total

287

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

91% Entry level candidates

3% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

88

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


11

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about MSCI Inc.
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Extending leadership in research-enhanced content: MSCI aims to extend its leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, leveraging its deep knowledge of the global investment process and expertise in research, data, and technology.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Expanding their salesforce: The 'Sales' department has shown a significant increase with a 9% employee percentage difference, indicating a strong focus on expanding their sales force and potential growth in revenue generation. Growth in marketing and legal: The 'Marketing' and 'Legal' departments have experienced notable increases in headcount by 16% and 11% respectively, suggesting new initiatives in brand promotion and legal compliance. Focus on operations and military services: The 'Operations' and 'Military and Protective Services' departments have seen increases of 8% and 19% respectively, indicating a strategic emphasis on operational efficiency and security. Investment in healthcare services: The 'Healthcare Services' department has grown by 15%, reflecting a potential new focus on employee health and wellness initiatives.
… more

The latest hiring trend

7,849

Total employees

12%

Company-wide

2 year growth

12%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
5000
10000

Median employee tenure: 4.3 years

MSCI Inc. hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

MSCI Inc. hired 14 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

MSCI operates in a highly competitive landscape, providing critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. The company leverages its strong leadership in private capital solutions, differentiated analytics, and custom index solutions to maintain a competitive edge. Strategic positioning in AI-driven investment tools and a focus on ESG solutions further enhance its market position.
… more

Sources: csimarket.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

MSCI Inc.

335,560 followers

Follow

Financial Services

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

7,837 on LinkedIn

MSCI is a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. With over 50 years of expertise in research, data and technology, we power better investment decisions by enabling clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently build more effective portfolios. We create industry-leading research-enhanced solutions that clients use to gain insight into and improve transparency across the investment process.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Founding Fullstack Engineer

Jampack Labs

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $250K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:41 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

We're Hiring! Backend Developer (Verified job)
We're Hiring! Backend Developer 

Hidonix Industries

Santa Monica, CA (On-site)

$90K/yr - $100K/yr

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 6, 2026, 3:59 PM
2 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Engineer (Verified job)
Full Stack Engineer 

Circadence

Boulder, CO (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $160K/yr

 • 

7 benefits

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:41 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full-Stack Developer

AccuMed HealthCare Research

Greenwood Village, CO (On-site)

$90K/yr - $110K/yr

 • 

Dental benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 2:37 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Developer – Margin Trading

Solayer Labs

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:45 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Backend Engineer - Cloud Services (Mid Level)

SOTEREON.AI

Tampa, FL (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 8:00 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Game Engineer (Verified job)
Full Stack Game Engineer 

Nerd Ninjas

United States (Remote)

$80K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 2:03 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Engineer - AI Economics

SemiAnalysis

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

Posted on January 6, 2026, 6:51 PM
6 minutes ago

Javascript Developer

CADflow.ai

El Segundo, CA (Hybrid)

$110K/yr - $180K/yr + Bonus, Stock options

 • 

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 6, 2026, 6:19 PM
38 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Engineer (Verified job)
Senior Software Engineer 

Asseta AI

New York, NY (On-site)

$170K/yr - $230K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 7:46 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

DV Commodities

New York, United States (On-site)

$120K/yr - $150K/yr

 • 

8 benefits

Posted on January 6, 2026, 12:28 PM
6 hours ago

Go To Market Engineer - GTME (AI Demand Generation)

BlastPoint

Pittsburgh, PA (Remote)

$85K/yr - $130K/yr

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:39 PM
1 day ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))