About the job

Company Description

NBCUniversal is one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies. We create world-class content, which we distribute across our portfolio of film, television, and streaming, and bring to life through our theme parks and consumer experiences. We own and operate leading entertainment and news brands, including NBC, NBC News, MSNBC, CNBC, NBC Sports, Telemundo, NBC Local Stations, Bravo, USA Network, and Peacock, our premium ad-supported streaming service. We produce and distribute premier filmed entertainment and programming through Universal Filmed Entertainment Group and Universal Studio Group, and have world-renowned theme parks and attractions through Universal Destinations & Experiences. NBCUniversal is a subsidiary of Comcast Corporation.

Our impact is rooted in improving the communities where our employees, customers, and audiences live and work. We have a rich tradition of giving back and ensuring our employees have the opportunity to serve their communities. We champion an inclusive culture and strive to attract and develop a talented workforce to create and deliver a wide range of content reflecting our world.

Comcast NBCUniversal has announced its intent to create a new publicly traded company ('Versant') comprised of most of NBCUniversal's cable television networks, including USA Network, CNBC, MSNBC, Oxygen, E!, SYFY and Golf Channel along with complementary digital assets Fandango, Rotten Tomatoes, GolfNow, GolfPass, and SportsEngine. The well-capitalized company will have significant scale as a pure-play set of assets anchored by leading news, sports and entertainment content. The spin-off is expected to be completed during 2025.

Job Description

We’re looking for a motivated and detail-oriented Associate Software Engineer to join our Developer Platforms team. This role is ideal for someone early in their engineering career who’s eager to grow their skills in platform operations, infrastructure support, and automation. You’ll work across a variety of tools and systems to help maintain and scale our internal developer platforms.

Responsibilities


Support and maintain internal developer tools and services, including:
GitHub Enterprise Cloud (GHEC)
GitHub Actions (GHA)
Terraform Enterprise
SonarQube
Nexus
Respond to access and configuration requests, troubleshoot issues, and contribute to platform reliability.
Participate in infrastructure cleanup and optimization efforts to support scalability and operational efficiency.
Use APIs and scripting to automate routine tasks and improve workflows.
Learn and apply Infrastructure as Code (IaC) practices using tools like Terraform.
Contribute to dashboarding and observability efforts using tools such as Amazon QuickSight, Athena, Glue, Lambda, and Datadog.


Qualifications

Basic Requirements:


1+ year of experience in a technical or engineering role.
Familiarity with cloud services, developer tooling, and basic automation concepts.
Strong communication and problem-solving skills.
Willingness to learn new technologies and contribute to team goals.
Interest in infrastructure, developer experience, and operational excellence.


Additional Requirements


AWS/Azure/GCP & Python experience is a plus
Fully Remote: This position has been designated as fully remote, meaning that the position is expected to contribute from a non-NBCUniversal worksite, most commonly an employee’s residence.


This position is eligible for company sponsored benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), paid leave, tuition reimbursement, and a variety of other discounts and perks. Learn more about the benefits offered by NBCUniversal by visiting the Benefits page of the Careers website. Salary range: $80,000 - $115,000

We are accepting applications for this position on an ongoing basis.

Additional Information

As part of our selection process, external candidates may be required to attend an in-person interview with an NBCUniversal employee at one of our locations prior to a hiring decision. NBCUniversal's policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access nbcunicareers.com as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by emailing AccessibilitySupport@nbcuni.com.

For LA County and City Residents Only: NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories, or arrest or conviction records, in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, where applicable.