NetApp

NetApp Emerging Talent - Entry Level Software Engineer (Systems) 

San Jose, CA · 3 hours ago · 96 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$101.2K/yr - $150.7K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

About NetApp

NetApp is the intelligent data infrastructure company, turning a world of disruption into opportunity for every customer. No matter the data type, workload or environment, we help our customers identify and realize new business possibilities. And it all starts with our people.

If this sounds like something you want to be part of, NetApp is the place for you. You can help bring new ideas to life, approaching each challenge with fresh eyes. Of course, you won't be doing it alone. At NetApp, we're all about asking for help when we need it, collaborating with others, and partnering across the organization - and beyond.

Job Summary

Are you ready to kickstart your career in software engineering? NetApp is seeking Entry Level Software Engineers to join our team and contribute to the development and design of innovative features for our flagship storage operating system, ONTAP.

About ONTAP: ONTAP is a robust and feature-rich platform known for its advanced data management capabilities. It delivers significant value to our customers and supports mission-critical applications worldwide. As a Software Engineer, you will be part of a talented team responsible for developing, testing, and debugging distributed software that powers NetApp’s cloud, hybrid-cloud, and on-premises solutions.

This entry level technical position is perfect for individuals who are systems-focused, creative, team-oriented, technologically savvy, eager to learn, and driven to produce results.

Essential Functions:

Collaborate with the team on projects involving new feature development, sustaining efforts, and handling engineering escalations

Participate in all phases of the product development cycle: from definition and design to implementation, debugging, testing, and early customer support

Work closely with peer team members and other teams such as QA, Systemic Test Engineering, and other dependent engineering teams to understand customer use cases, deliver solutions, and integrate valuable insights into the team's work

Solve technical issues collaboratively with other engineers

Job Requirements


Familiarity with the design and development of system software 
Hands-on experience with C/C++ is required 
Knowledge of Unix/Linux System Programming and Multithreaded programming 
Experience in the Storage Domain is a plus 
Strong conceptual understanding of OS internals 
Expertise in algorithms, data structures, and multi-threaded programming is essential 
Commitment to sound software engineering practices and a passion for quality 
Proven track record of meeting tight deadlines without sacrificing quality 
Strong communication skills, both written and oral, targeted at a wide variety of internal and external audiences 
Ability to understand customer deployment scenarios and experience in collaborating with peer teams outside of engineering 



Additional Details:  


Experience Info: If you have a Bachelor's degree and more than 2 years of relevant experience, excluding internships, or a Master's Degree DO NOT apply to this role. Instead, please apply to Job ID: 133202.
Job Posting Info: This is a pipeline position that will be opened on a recurring basis and used to fill roles aligned with the required skill sets  
Program Dates: These are full-time roles with a start date in early 2026. Recruiting efforts will be ongoing until specific teams find an ideal match.  



Timeline:    


Applications open: January 2026
Applications close: This application will close in early March 2026 
Interviews: will occur on an as needed basis  



Education & Experience

Typically requires a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science with no relevant industry experience; or equivalent relevant experience

Compensation:

The target salary range for this position is 101,150 - 150,700 USD. The salary offered will be determined by the candidate's location, qualifications, experience, and education and may be outside of this range. Final compensation packages are competitive and in line with industry standards, reflecting a variety of factors, and include a comprehensive benefits package. This may cover Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Retirement or Pension Plans, Paid Time Off (PTO), various Leave options, Performance-Based Incentives, employee stock purchase plan, and/or restricted stocks (RSU’s), with all offerings subject to regional variations and governed by local laws, regulations, and company policies. Benefits may vary by country and region, and further details will be provided as part of the recruitment process.

At NetApp, we embrace a hybrid working environment designed to strengthen connection, collaboration, and culture for all employees. This means that most roles will have some level of in-office and/or in-person expectations, which will be shared during the recruitment process.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

NetApp is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination based on age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, disability or genetic information, pregnancy, protected veteran status, and any other protected classification.

Why NetApp?

We are all about helping customers turn challenges into business opportunity. It starts with bringing new thinking to age-old problems, like how to use data most effectively to run better - but also to innovate. We tailor our approach to the customer's unique needs with a combination of fresh thinking and proven approaches.

We enable a healthy work-life balance. Our volunteer time off program is best in class, offering employees 40 hours of paid time per year to volunteer with their favorite organizations. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, wellness, and vision plans for you and your family. We offer educational assistance, legal services, and access to discounts. Finally, we provide financial savings programs to help you plan for your future.

If you want to help us build knowledge and solve big problems, let's talk.
… more

Benefits found in job post

Medical insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, San Jose, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

96

total

96

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

74% Entry level candidates

4% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

63

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


34

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


3

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about NetApp
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Hybrid and Multi-Cloud Integration: NetApp focuses on integrating hybrid and multi-cloud environments to help customers modernize legacy systems, enhance resilience against ransomware, and develop scalable, high-performance data pipelines for AI workloads.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 1% increase in headcount, indicating a continued investment in technical and product development capabilities. Reduction in sales and IT: The 'Sales' and 'Information Technology' departments have experienced a 9% and 7% decrease in headcount respectively, suggesting a potential shift in strategic priorities or efficiency improvements in these areas. Growth in business development: The 'Business Development' department has grown by 3%, highlighting an emphasis on expanding market opportunities and strategic partnerships. Overall headcount stability: Despite fluctuations in specific departments, the overall headcount has remained relatively stable with a slight decrease of 4%, indicating a balanced approach to workforce management.
… more

The latest hiring trend

12,644

Total employees

3%

Company-wide

2 year growth

1%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
10000
20000

Median employee tenure: 6.8 years

NetApp hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

NetApp hired 4 people from University of Southern California. See all

NetApp hired 38 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

NetApp operates in a highly competitive data infrastructure industry, facing significant competition from both traditional storage vendors and emerging cloud-native solutions. The company differentiates itself with a strong focus on hybrid and multi-cloud data management, AI-driven data infrastructure, and comprehensive data services across on-premises and cloud environments. NetApp's strategic emphasis on AI readiness and cybersecurity, along with its robust data visualization and infrastructure monitoring capabilities, positions it well against competitors.
… more

Sources: gist.github.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

NetApp

756,077 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

12,644 on LinkedIn

Build an intelligent data infrastructure with NetApp that brings it all together — a smarter way to let data thrive. Any application, any data, anywhere.

Commitments

Environmental sustainability

Everything we do is to better serve our customers and the world we live in, and that requires us to reduce our global operational carbon footprint, and to help customers manage their data so that they can achieve their sustainability goals. Sustainability is part of our DNA. Top priorities from our 2022 materiality assessment include energy management and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reductions, especially in our value chain. We recognize the impact that data storage has on our environment, and together with customers and suppliers, we can make changes today that will reduce our collective environmental impact.
… more

Learn more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Robotics Field Applications Engineer

Breaker

Austin, TX (On-site)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:24 PM
1 hour ago

Embedded Software Engineer (C/C# .NET)

ADMET

Norwood, MA (On-site)

$100K/yr - $120K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:15 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer - Competitive (Verified job)
Software Engineer - Competitive 

Hudl

United States (Remote)

$93K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 3:23 PM
11 minutes ago

Associate Software Engineer

Cabana

New York City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

4 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 14, 2026, 5:14 PM
22 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Engineer - Generalist (Verified job)
Senior Software Engineer - Generalist 

MagicCube, Inc.

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

4 benefits

Posted on January 13, 2026, 6:17 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Infrastructure

Scaled Cognition

San Jose, CA (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $350K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 7:08 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Frontend Engineer | Series B AI Startup

Day One Partners

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $290K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:13 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Junior Full Stack Engineer

Mentor Talent Acquisition

New York, United States (On-site)

$100K/yr - $170K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 9:42 AM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Junior Software Engineer

RemoteHunter

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:26 PM
2 hours ago

Software Engineer

RemoteHunter

United States (Remote)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 15, 2026, 11:52 AM
3 hours ago

Software Engineer

Helic & Co.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 6:44 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

	 Application Developer  (Verified job)
 Application Developer 

4Liberty, Inc.

San Diego, CA (Hybrid)

$100K/yr - $130K/yr

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:02 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))