NetJets

Software Engineer, Associate (NJUS) 

Columbus, OH · 4 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer • Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

Join the NetJets Team

NetJets, the global private aviation leader for more than 60 years, provides the pinnacle of private travel, defined by a signature commitment to unwavering safety, personalized service, and reliable global access. Discover why NetJets is the ultimate career destination, offering exceptional benefits and growth opportunities.

Purpose of Position

The Flight Operations IT domain manages applications for business capabilities relating to flight scheduling, trip support, and flight support. This developer position will work within the Flight Support team with responsibilities across all supported applications and new development. Flight Support works with business partners including Flight Mission Delivery, Dispatch, and Meteorology. Our business partners rely on us to ensure 'day of flight' operations are safely planned and ready for take-off. The Flight Support team (Business Analysis, Development, and Quality Assurance) plans, develops, and tests work within two-week sprints. Business priority is managed with the Product Owner along with internal IT initiatives.


70% Software analysis, design, and development for new features or system enhancements 
20% Technical debt, security, and internal to IT initiatives 
10% Support of existing software systems 


Tasks And Responsibilities


Drive implementation of software through analysis and design activities for new business features or value-based enhancements to existing software. 
Collaborate with various internal teams like architecture, infrastructure operations, cyber security, and others to implement architecture that encompass broad perspectives and requirements.
Automate build, test, and deploy code and build pipelines
Build testing automation and associated processes (Unit test coverage, testing automation, pipeline automation, code scanning, etc.) into the software product.
Work in an agile team environment to iteratively deliver value.


Note

It is not possible to list all required job duties on this form. There may be other important duties assigned, depending on the position. For a list of essential job functions, please refer to the essential functions document for this job.

Education

Bachelor's in Computer Science or Computer Engineering

Certifications and Licenses

Years Of Experience

0-2 years of experience

Core Competencies

Adaptability

Collaboration

Curiosity

Service-Oriented

Strives for Positive Results

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities And Other (KSAOs)


Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies based on experience and deliver work that meets requirements on time with minimum defects 
AWS Serverless development 
TypeScript, JavaScript, Java, React 
Kafka 
EKS 
NoSQL & SQL databases (DynamoDB, Oracle) 
DevOps (Jenkins, CDK) 
Excellent communication and collaboration skills 
Knowledge and experience in Agile methodologies 


How NetJets Supports You

NetJets is proud to provide a variety of attractive benefits to our employees, including many at no cost. Employees have access to no cost options including Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, with access to robust networks of nationwide providers. NetJets offers benefits so you can LIVEWELL—a comprehensive package to support your Mind, Body, and Life. 

Our Comprehensive Suite Of Benefits Include


Medical, Dental, and Vision
Healthcare Advocacy
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Accounts
Health Savings Account with annual employer contribution
Wellness Programs & Discounts
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave of Absence
Life and Accident Insurance
Voluntary benefits (financial protection plans)
401(k) plan, with 66% of every dollar you contribute matched by NetJets
Short and Long-Term Disability
Legal Plan
Identity Theft Protection Plans
Pet Insurance
Family & Caregiving Support
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Columbus, Ohio, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

138

total

138

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

86% Entry level candidates

2% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

85

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


15

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about NetJets
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Safety and Technology Integration: NetJets prioritizes safety by integrating cutting-edge safety analytics and operational data through the FlightPulse application, empowering pilots with indispensable information.

...more

Sources: geaerospace.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Expanding operations: The 'Operations' department has seen a 4% increase in employee count over the past year, indicating a focus on scaling operational capabilities, which could suggest opportunities for investment in operational efficiency tools and services. Growing sales force: The 'Sales' department has experienced a 7% increase in headcount, highlighting an emphasis on boosting sales efforts, potentially leading to increased demand for sales training, CRM systems, and marketing support. Strengthening engineering: The 'Engineering' department has grown by 10%, reflecting a significant investment in technical and product development, which may present opportunities for investment in engineering tools, software, and innovation initiatives. Enhancing customer support: The 'Customer Success and Support' department has seen an 11% increase in headcount, suggesting a commitment to improving customer service, which could indicate a need for customer support technologies and training programs.
… more

The latest hiring trend

5,561

Total employees

18%

Company-wide

2 year growth

20%

Information Technology

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
2500
5000
7500

Median employee tenure: 5.4 years

NetJets hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

NetJets hired 9 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

NetJets maintains its position as the largest private jet charter company, leveraging its extensive fleet, strong brand reputation, and commitment to customer service. The company faces significant competition from other private jet operators like VistaJet, Flexjet, and Wheels Up, each targeting different market segments with unique value propositions. The competitive landscape is characterized by innovations in fractional ownership, jet cards, and flexible programs to meet evolving customer expectations for seamless and luxurious private air travel.
… more

Sources: radiotvbuntu.org +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

NetJets

230,418 followers

Follow

Airlines and Aviation

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

5,561 on LinkedIn

Beginning as the first private jet charter and management company, NetJets has led the industry for decades. In 1986, we revolutionized it with the concept of shared ownership and proceeded to build the largest, most diverse private jet fleet in the world. Today, we are proud to be a Berkshire Hathaway company with an unwavering commitment to safety, service, and global access and unmatched financial stability. We offer a full range of personalized solutions, including the NetJets Share and NetJets Card, that meet—and exceed—the high standards of the world’s most discerning travelers. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Founding iOS Engineer (Verified job)
Founding iOS Engineer 

Second Nature Computing

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$150K/yr - $190K/yr + Stock options

Posted on January 4, 2026, 3:25 PM
1 day ago

Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US (Verified job)
Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US 

Uber Technologies Inc

New York, NY

$150K/yr - $158K/yr

3 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:06 PM
4 hours ago

Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US (Verified job)
Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US 

Uber Technologies Inc

Seattle, WA

$150K/yr - $158K/yr

3 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:06 PM
4 hours ago

Java Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Java Software Engineer I 

Esri

Redlands, CA

$79K/yr - $129.8K/yr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:18 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer, Full Stack (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Full Stack 

Scopely

Sunnyvale, CA

$139.5K/yr - $170.5K/yr

8 company alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 6:44 PM
2 hours ago

New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer 

Epsilon

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

$90K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

15 school alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:29 PM
7 hours ago

New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer 

Epsilon

Westminster, CO (Hybrid)

$90K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:29 PM
7 hours ago

Senior Search Engineer

Jackson Parker Operating

Cleveland, OH (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:03 PM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer 

Epsilon

Irving, TX (Hybrid)

$90K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:29 PM
7 hours ago

Web Developer I - UI for ArcGIS Enterprise (Verified job)
Web Developer I - UI for ArcGIS Enterprise 

Esri

Redlands, CA

$79K/yr - $129.8K/yr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:18 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

AMEX

Phoenix, AZ (Hybrid)

$78K/yr - $124.8K/yr

4 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 9:00 PM
5 minutes ago

Junior AI Engineer (Verified job)
Junior AI Engineer 

Accel Entertainment

Chicago, IL (On-site)

$80K/yr - $90K/yr

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:00 PM
6 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))