About the job

#TeamNextdoor

Nextdoor (NYSE: NXDR) is the essential neighborhood network. Neighbors, public agencies, and businesses use Nextdoor to connect around local information that matters in more than 340,000 neighborhoods across 11 countries. Nextdoor builds innovative technology to foster local community, share important news, and create neighborhood connections at scale. Download the app and join the neighborhood at nextdoor.com.

Meet Your Future Neighbors

As a Software Engineer at Nextdoor, you’ll join a team that is passionate about using technology to cultivate a kinder world where everyone has a neighbor they can rely on. We are a close-knit team of engineers who wear multiple hats and work across different languages and services to deliver value to our members. We care about moving fast and delivering impact, without compromising on quality and reliability. You will have the opportunity to learn from your co-workers and teach them. As a team, we will make each other better and build great software. Learn more about the experiences of our new grads here.

At Nextdoor, we offer a warm and inclusive work environment that embraces a hybrid employment model in Dallas, TX, blending an in-office presence and work-from-home experience for our valued employees.

The Impact You’ll Make

We empower our teams to own all aspects of bringing Nextdoor to life. As such, you’ll get the opportunity to make key contributions across our engineering stack and exciting problems with our engineering teams. Our New Grads dive in quickly, pushing code to production in their first week.

In addition to writing code, you’ll have the opportunity to help define the features that we build through internal collaboration and incorporating customer feedback. You’ll also work with product managers and designers to ensure products are easily usable, benefit our customers, and align with the Nextdoor platform experience. We believe engineers have a stake in all aspects of product development - from conception, to planning and roadmap building, shipping, and measuring performance that informs future iterations of those services.

What You’ll Bring To The Team


Bachelor's or Master's in a technical discipline; graduating between Fall 2025 and Summer 2026
Fundamental understanding of data structures and algorithms
An understanding of programming principles, with an appetite to learn more
A willingness to communicate and collaborate — we want to hear your ideas
Ability to be flexible and adaptable in a fast-paced startup environment
Desire to learn about new technologies and systems
Strong time management and prioritization skills
Experience with software design and development
Passion for Nextdoor’s mission and purpose
Eagerness to explore and apply AI and emerging technologies to reimagine how work gets done


Rewards

Compensation, benefits, perks, and recognition programs at Nextdoor come together to create one overall rewards package. The starting salary for this role is expected to be $140,000 on an annualized basis.

We also expect to award a meaningful equity grant for this role. With equal quarterly vesting, your first vest date would be within the first 3 months of your start date.

Perks & Benefits

We’ve got you covered! We are dedicated to supporting your personal and professional growth with a comprehensive benefits package that includes:


Access to benefits (including mental health benefits, commuter benefits, wellness benefits, gender affirming care, etc)
Flexible paid time off
Dedicated volunteer days
Stocked micro-kitchens and lunches at our offices
Ability to join any of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)


Applications for this position will be accepted until October 10, 2025.

At Nextdoor, we empower our employees to build stronger local communities. To create a platform where all feel welcome, we want our workforce to reflect the diversity of the neighbors we seek to serve. We encourage everyone interested in our purpose to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, or any other trait that unfairly targets a group of people. In accordance with the Fair Chance Ordinance, we always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.