Northwestern University

Software Engineer 

Chicago, IL · 10 minutes ago · 7 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$80.3K/yr - $100.4K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

Department: MED-Medical Social Sciences

Salary/Grade: ITS/79

Target hiring range for this position will be between $80,297 - $100,370 per year. Offered salary will be determined by the applicant’s education, experience, knowledge, skills and abilities, as well as internal equity and alignment with market data.

Job Summary

Develops, codes, tests, and debugs new software or enhancements to existing software.Typically works with senior staff but may coordinate smaller or less complex projects independently.Designs and implements basic technical solutions ensuring that business needs and requirements are met.Performs basic system integration tasks. Provides estimation for assigned tasks.

Program Description

The Center for Computational and Social Sciences in Health (COMPASS) within the Institute of Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (I.AIM) is a research center that seeks to foster connection between data science, social science and population health to increase the capacity for cutting-edge research that uses social and behavioral science and computational methodology to understand and enable the health of populations (https://www.feinberg.northwestern.edu/sites/compass/). COMPASS is directed by Dr. Birkett and Dr. Janulis (Associate Director) and builds upon their decade of scientific work leading the Complex Systems and Health Disparities (CONNECT) Research Program within Northwestern’s Impact Institute that was focused on elucidating the complex mechanisms driving the health disparities of stigmatized populations, in particular gender and sexual minorities. COMPASS extends this work through three interrelated priorities: building transdisciplinary collaborations; training the next generation of population health scholars; and conducting cutting-edge research on the social and structural drivers of population health. The Center houses several NIH-funded studies that seek to further understanding on how contextual and multilevel factors influence health outcomes through the use of complex modeling – including network analysis and simulation - as well as by building tools to improve the collection and measurement of complex data for social and behavioral health research.

Project Description

Network Canvas (www.networkcanvas.com; https://github.com/complexdatacollective) is an NIH-supported open-source suite of tools for the collection and management of complex social network data with wide-ranging applications in social, behavioral and other health research. Our team is currently extending these existing tools to develop Network Canvas Studio – a cloud-based, browser-accessible platform that will increase the utility and reach of these tools and facilitate improved social network measurement for HIV, drug use and other research investigating the social and structural drivers of infectious disease. This work involves transitioning our existing apps to the Studio platform, developing extensive new features to support remote self-administration, collaborative protocol design and editing, longitudinal data capture functionality, role-based access controls, survey scheduling and sampling tools, and an open API for integration and analysis — all informed by community feedback and accessibility principles.

Specific Responsibilities

Strategic Planning


 Participates in the development of new goals and strategies based on interactions with primary user. 
 Develops plans for software deployment on heterogeneous systems. 
 Collaborates with user to develop workflow and best practices. 
 Partners with user in designing features for technology. 


Administration


 Responds to customer inquiries via phone, online, in-person, etc. 
 Creates and maintains code documentation. 
 Grants system access to new user. 
 Evaluates feature/upgrade/change requests and recommends action. 
 Participates in interview process for new hires. 
 Identifies database and software performance issues, and makes adjustments. 


Development


 Develops and maintains software infrastructure, via patches, bundles, releases and maintenance packs. 
 Codes software applications adhering to designs supporting internal business requirements or external user. 
 Completes tier 3 troubleshooting. 
 Designs databases and data structures. 
 Prioritizes tasks within project. 
 Meets with business analyst/stakeholder to determine requirements. 


Miscellaneous 

Performs other duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications: (Education, experience, and any other certifications or clearances)


 Successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in a major such as computer science, information technology, or related; OR appropriate combination of education and experience. 
 2 years relevant experience required. 
 Adobe Creative Cloud Suite 
 Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
 Apache 
 Code Repositories (Git, Subversion) 
 NoSQL (MongoDB, CouchDB) 
 Puppet/Chef/Ansible 
 SQL/MySQL/Postgres 
 CSS 
 HTML 5 
 JavaScript 
 Node.js 
 Python 
 React 
 critical thinking 
 Debugging 
 judgment 
 problem solving 
 Troubleshooting 
 agile environment 
 Code documentation 
 collaboration and teamwork 
 iterative & incremental development 
 organizational skills 
 planning 
 workflow development & documentation 


Minimum Competencies: (Skills, knowledge, and abilities.)


 Effective time management skills. 
 Strong communication skills, including the ability to translate technical information to nontechnical audiences and vis versa. 
 Attention to detail. 
 Ability to manage work tasks independently. 


Preferred Qualifications: (Education and experience)


 Experience working with and interest in the LGBTQ+ population. 
 Experience working in and knowledge of public health. 


Preferred Competencies: (Skills, knowledge, and abilities)


 Functional programming and technical knowledge, particularly in JavaScript with an emphasis on knowledge in React. 
 Knowledge of git workflows and collaborative coding techniques. 
 Familiarity with modern web technologies. 


Benefits

At Northwestern, we are proud to provide meaningful, competitive, high-quality health care plans, retirement benefits, tuition discounts and more! Visit us at  https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/index.html  to learn more.

Work-Life And Wellness

Northwestern offers comprehensive programs and services to help you and your family navigate life’s challenges and opportunities, and adopt and maintain healthy lifestyles.

We support flexible work arrangements where possible and programs to help you locate and pay for quality, affordable childcare and senior/adult care. Visit us at  https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/benefits/work-life/index.html  to learn more.

Professional Growth & Development

Northwestern supports employee career development in all circumstances whether your workspace is on campus or at home. If you’re interested in developing your professional potential or continuing your formal education, we offer a variety of tools and resources. Visit us at  https://www.northwestern.edu/hr/learning/index.html  to learn more  .

Northwestern University is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected characteristics, including disability and veteran status. View Northwestern’s  non-discrimination statement . Job applicants who wish to request an accommodation in the application or hiring process should contact the Office of Civil Rights and Title IX Compliance. View  additional information on the accommodations process .


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Chicago, Illinois, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

7

total

7

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

71% Entry level candidates

Candidate education level

86

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


14

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Northwestern University
Powered by Bing

The latest hiring trend

16,754

Total employees

1%

Company-wide

2 year growth

3%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
10000
20000

Median employee tenure: 4.8 years

Northwestern University hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Northwestern University hired 39 people from University of Southern California. See all

Northwestern University hired 62 people from University of Southern California. See all

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Northwestern University

415,735 followers

Follow

Higher Education

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

15,678 on LinkedIn

Northwestern is one of the nation’s premier research universities, combining innovative teaching and pioneering research in a highly collaborative, multidisciplinary, and diverse environment. Northwestern provides both students and faculty exceptional opportunities for intellectual, personal, and professional growth in beautiful settings, with two campuses located on Lake Michigan: a 240-acre campus in Evanston, minutes north of Chicago, and a 25-acre campus in downtown Chicago. A third campus in Doha, Qatar was founded in 2008. For more information visit http://www.northwestern.edu
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))