About the job

About Us

Notion helps you build beautiful tools for your life’s work. In today's world of endless apps and tabs, Notion provides one place for teams to get everything done, seamlessly connecting docs, notes, projects, calendar, and email—with AI built in to find answers and automate work. Millions of users, from individuals to large organizations like Toyota, Figma, and OpenAI, love Notion for its flexibility and choose it because it helps them save time and money.

In-person collaboration is essential to Notion's culture. We require all team members to work from our offices on Mondays and Thursdays, our designated Anchor Days. Certain teams or positions may require additional in-office workdays.

About The Product Infrastructure Team

The Product Infrastructure team works on creating abstractions and data models that solve enduring problems across the stack**.** We solve problems that span multiple product surfaces and typically stretch across both front-end and backend and unblock new product avenues that were previously challenging to create.

What You’ll Achieve


Shape and build the core frameworks that enable reading and writing data in Notion, integrating feedback from internal customers along the way, using whatever tools are required for the job, such as AWS, Postgres, NodeJS, TypeScript, React on the frontend.
Design new systems and abstractions that improve developer productivity, reliability, and performance by handling entire classes of problems up-front for product engineers.
Solve hard technical challenges such as designing abstractions for efficient traversal of the user content graph, building a system to sync user content for offline use, or scaling our permission model to serve large customers with complex content.


Skills You’ll Need To Bring


Thoughtful problem-solving: For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution.
Pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about business impact and prioritize projects accordingly. You're not just going after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.
Strive for simplicity: You think critically about the implications of what you're building, and aim for the most simple and well-crafted design. You understand the consequence of complexity, and are motivated to eliminate them.
Not ideological about technology: To you, technologies and programming languages are about tradeoffs. You may be opinionated, but you're not ideological and can learn new technologies as you go.
Empathetic communication: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed.
Team player: For you, work isn't a solo endeavor. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.


Nice To Haves


You have leveraged the features of typed languages (e.g. TypeScript, Flow) to drive code migrations, or have implemented your own data modeling paradigms (e.g. writing your own ORM, sync engine, or query language).
You have seen how fundamental abstractions scale within a large codebase, and are curious about how different organizations solve similar problems (e.g. TAO by Meta, Zanzibar by Google).
You've heard of computing pioneers like Ada Lovelace, Douglas Engelbart, Alan Kay, and others—and understand why we're big fans of their work.
You have interests outside of technology, such as in art, history, or social sciences.


We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If you’re excited about a role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If you’re a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.

Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.

Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the role’s scope and complexity, and the candidate’s experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is $209,000 - $240,000 per year.

By clicking “Submit Application”, I understand and agree that Notion and its affiliates and subsidiaries will collect and process my information in accordance with Notion’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy.