About the job

Why Numeric

Every business relies on accounting. Yet most software in the space was built in the early 2000s — clunky, slow, and far behind the curve on AI. Today, accountants are facing a growing, unsolved data problem as a consequence of complexity, data, and system fragmentation — and they lack the tools to solve it. The problems are real, hard, and increasingly urgent. But they’re solvable.

Enter Numeric — the modern financial data platform for accounting and finance. Weaving together data, workflows, and AI-first solutions, we’re empowering accounting teams to achieve verifiable, detailed financial data faster and make business decisions with greater confidence.

We have strong product market fit and a growing base of customers who love our product — including Anthropic, Plaid, Brex, Betterment, and many more. We’re backed by top-tier investors including Menlo Ventures, IVP, Founders Fund, and 8VC, along with founders and executives from Ramp, Segment, and other category-defining companies.

About The Role

As an engineer at Numeric, you will own end-to-end execution of product execution as well as inform product strategy and direction. We look for bright, fast builders with strong fundamentals and a focus on helping our users and solving the right problems.

What you might work on

Developing our financial data platform, consisting of:


A synchronization and transformation system which drives the unified data model behind our reporting, analytics, etc. 
The reporting experience, in which end-users can flexibly define highly-structured projections of financials to be saved as reports and integrated into their workflows. Reports are traceable and composable, allowing users to drill down to the underlying transaction-level details and more. 


Expanding and scaling the automation layer:


Our generalizable subledger offering allows users to drop a contract file and let us do the rest. We automate the full cycle accounting treatment, in which we:
Parse source documentation and extract information needed to produce the accounting treatment and inputs
Project change over time, including handling new events and unanticipated changes on the timeline
Synchronize to and from external accounting systems, yielding end-to-end automation of the accounting workflow
Transaction monitoring to detect, flag, and resolve anomalies & bad data, preventing downstream headaches and errors. 


A new transactional foundation:


Our platform to connect and automate the graph of a company's assets and activities, opening the door to greater automation and insight into the activities of the organization. 
and much more!


Requirements


Computer science or other technical degree
2+ Internships or other working experience in software engineering


How we work

This role is in person in San Francisco or New York (in office by default but with flexibility to manage your schedule as you see fit).

We strongly believe we will only be successful if everyone on the team is anchored in our following set of core principles:


Brick by Brick: To win, our team needs to show up and execute in each domain every day. 
Love the Game: We focus on the craft and a deep sense of giving a f*ck. We’re building a company full of people who are equally engaged and motivated. 
SALY: We refuse to accept “Same As Last Year.” For too long, accounting and finance systems have reflected outdated processes instead of reimagining what’s possible. We’re driven by a first-principles approach to building better solutions. 
Own the Outcome: We own our results. We typically hire builders and give them large mandates with high-trust. Engineers are responsible not just for code, but for ensuring the product is solving the end problems of the users. 
Earn the right: We’re impatient to deliver results. We relentlessly iterate, measure, and improve. Every day is an opportunity to beat our prior best, raising the bar for the value we deliver to customers. E Pluribus Unum-eric. 


The engineering team here is a high-ownership, fast-paced, customer-focused group. We believe the best company is the one with the best ICs, and we’ve built a culture in which engineers have substantial decision-making power and input into product strategy and planning.

Our engineers meet with users both to understand their needs as well as to build empathy, and every member of the team is expected to build a deep understanding of the domain, our product, and our users.

We ship early & often. We are constantly raising the bar. We believe great product & engineering come both from a desire to win and also from a love for the game. We work in person and seek to maximize the environment where we do great work together.

Read some of our thoughts on engineering and company-building here.

Compensation Range: $125K - $175K