Optimum

Software Development Engineer I

Bethpage, NY · 7 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$83.5K/yr - $137.2K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Are you looking to Optimize your life? Start your exciting path to a rewarding career today! 

We are Optimum, a leader in the fast-paced world of connectivity, and we're on the hunt for enthusiastic professionals to join our team! We understand that connectivity isn't just a luxury anymore – it's a necessity that empowers lives, fuels businesses, and drives innovation. A career at Optimum means you'll be enabling progress and enhancing lives by providing reliable, high-speed connectivity solutions that keep the world connected. We owe our success to our amazing product, commitment to our people and the connections we make in every community.

If you are resourceful, collaborative, team-oriented and passionate about delivering consistent excellence, Optimum is the Company for you!

We are Optimum!

Job Summary

We are seeking a Software Developer to join our engineering team. In this role, you'll be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining AI-based software applications and systems that are scalable, secure, and efficient. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement technical solutions and contribute to product success across the full development lifecycle. You will work with a high-performing team of developers, cloud architects, and business stakeholders to modernize customer interaction channels.

This position requires a mix of strong technical and functional skills, leadership ability, and a deep understanding of agile software development practices.

Responsibilities


Design, develop, test, and maintain high-quality software solutions
Build a solid AI-driven customer engagement product using the Google CES solution
Collaborate with product managers, designers, and other developers to define and deliver new features
Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code
Optimize applications for performance, scalability, and security
Debug and resolve technical issues across the stack
Participate in Agile development processes (Scrum or Kanban)


Qualifications


Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field
Minimum 2 years of software development experience
Solid experience on Python, JavaScript, GIT, NodeJS, GIT and Code Blocks
AI experience required
Experience with Google CES, along with prompt engineering, is an added advantage
Experience with Google Cloud capabilities
The person should be a strong team player
The person should be in the New York or Dallas/Fort Worth area and ready for the hybrid work culture (3 days in the office)


At Optimum, we're fueled by our four core pillars: Taking Ownership, Upholding Transparency, Creating Community, and Demonstrating Expertise. Our commitment to empowering employees to take responsibility and embrace proactive problem-solving underpins Taking Ownership. Upholding Transparency is at the core of our culture, with open and honest communication fostering trust among our dedicated team and loyal customers. Creating Community is more than a goal; it's our daily commitment to fostering an environment of collaboration, innovation, and positivity. Demonstrating expertise is a promise we uphold through continuous learning and engagement with our customers to consistently deliver top-quality products and services. These pillars not only shape our culture but define Optimum as a place of excellence, trustworthiness, and thriving community, and we invite you to be a part of our journey.

If you have the drive to succeed and are ready to embark on a thrilling career, seize this opportunity today, and join our winning team, so together, we'll shape the future of connectivity.

All job descriptions and required skills, qualifications and responsibilities for a particular position are subject to modification by the Company from time to time, in the Company’s discretion based on business necessity.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to recruiting, hiring and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds regardless of gender, race, color, creed, national origin, religion, age, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

The Company collects personal information about its applicants for employment that may include personal identifiers, professional or employment related information, photos, education information and/or protected classifications under federal and state law. This information is collected for employment purposes, including identification, work authorization, FCRA-compliant background screening, human resource administration and compliance with federal, state and local law.

Applicants for employment with The Company will never be asked to provide money (even if reimbursable) as part of the job application or hiring process. Please review our Fraud FAQ for further details.

Pay is competitive and based on a number of job-related factors, including skills and experience. The starting pay rate/range at time of hire for this position in New York State is $83,538.00 - $137,241.00 /year. For other locations, please inquire with your recruiter. The rates/ranges provided herein are the anticipated pay at the time of hire, and do not reflect future job opportunity.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Bethpage, New York, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

422

total

422

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

79% Entry level candidates

10% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

84

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


13

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


2

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Optimum
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Network Enhancements: Focus on enhancing the network infrastructure, particularly through the expansion of fiber networks to improve service quality and customer satisfaction.

...more

Sources: in.investing.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 35% increase in headcount, indicating a major focus on technological development and innovation. Expansion in information technology: The 'Information Technology' department has grown by 24%, suggesting investments in IT infrastructure and digital transformation. Increase in sales and customer support: The 'Sales' and 'Customer Success and Support' departments have increased by 13% and 18% respectively, highlighting a focus on enhancing customer acquisition and retention. Notable growth in finance and arts and design: The 'Finance' and 'Arts and Design' departments have both seen a 48% increase, indicating a strategic emphasis on financial management and creative initiatives.
… more

The latest hiring trend

8,182

Total employees

14%

Company-wide

2 year growth

14%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
5000
10000

Median employee tenure: 2 years

Optimum hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Optimum hired 4 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Altice USA, now rebranded as Optimum Communications, operates in a highly competitive landscape characterized by the rapid expansion of fiber optic networks and the growing demand for high-speed internet and integrated services. The company is focusing on enhancing its broadband performance and evolving its market strategies to improve revenue trajectory amidst intense competition from major players like Verizon, Spectrum, and Xfinity.
… more

Sources: thedesk.net +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Optimum

23,303 followers

Follow

Telecommunications

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

3,278 on LinkedIn

At Optimum, we believe in the power of connection. We deliver fast internet, mobile, TV, and phone services to millions of homes and businesses. Our mission: be the connectivity provider of choice in every community we serve. We’re driven by innovation, powered by diverse talent, and committed to great service and strong communities. Our teams are agile, ambitious, and collaborative, fueled by a passion for problem-solving and making real impact
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Full Stack Engineer

HekaHeart

New York City Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $170K/yr

Posted on January 27, 2026, 10:59 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Deployment Strategist, Pre-Sales

Dust

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$135K/yr - $200K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 10:48 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Junior React Developer

First in Math®

Easton, PA (Remote)

$35/hr - $42/hr

 • 

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 9:31 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Unity Multiplayer Programmer

Sly Game Studios

New York, United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 2:00 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Experienced Drupal Developer (Remote Worldwide)

Seahub - Yacht Maintenance Software

Fort Lauderdale, FL (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 2:43 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

IT - Senior Systems Engineer (Microsoft)

InnovAsian

Tukwila, WA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 27, 2026, 8:34 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Forward Deployed Engineer - Cloud Infrastructure & Inference

FriendliAI

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $230K/yr

 • 

1 benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 25, 2026, 5:21 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Backend Python Software Engineer (Verified job)
Backend Python Software Engineer 

NVIDIA

Durham, NC

$124K/yr - $241.5K/yr

5 connections work here

Posted on January 27, 2026, 6:47 PM
9 minutes ago

Senior Software Engineer - Full Stack

Cardio Diagnostics Inc.

Chicago, IL (On-site)

$100K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 27, 2026, 6:33 AM
12 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Information Technology Engineer (Verified job)
Information Technology Engineer 

PrintMail

Newtown, PA (Hybrid)

$83.4K/yr

 • 

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 27, 2026, 10:29 AM
8 hours ago

Full Stack Engineer

Fonzi AI

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

Posted on January 27, 2026, 12:43 PM
6 hours ago

Senior Software Engineer (Verified job)
Senior Software Engineer 

Copic Companies

Denver, CO (Hybrid)

$132.3K/yr - $165.4K/yr + Bonus

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 27, 2026, 12:16 PM
6 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))