About the job

As a Software Engineer, you’ll work side-by-side with teammates to build real-world applications that power a global trading firm. You’ll work on solutions that enable us to react to markets at lightning-fast speeds. Your work will be the magic behind the scenes, enabling our teams to make split-second decisions with precision and confidence. By working in an interdisciplinary manner and innovating and optimizing code, you will keep our firm competitive in the ever-evolving financial markets.

We operate in one of the most fast-paced and competitive environments in the tech industry. That means no two days are the same, and every day brings new, exciting technical challenges to solve.

This opportunity is also available in our New York and Austin offices. You will have the opportunity to specify your location interests in the application below.

What You’ll Do

Your onboarding

In the first eight weeks, you will participate in Optiver’s comprehensive Global Academy and be equipped with the knowledge needed to make an impact the moment you join your team. The comprehensive training covers trading theory and Optiver’s tech stack to hone your skills for your role. In addition, you will be paired with a dedicated mentor who will empower you to take ownership of your work and make a difference at the firm.

Your responsibilities



Deep dive into trading fundamentals, from theoretical concepts to financial markets, strategies, and cutting-edge technology.
Collaborate closely with best-in-class engineers, traders, and business teams to develop simple, well-architected solutions that meet the needs of our business.
Tackle complex, real-world problems to enhance your critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Push your limits and accelerate your growth in a fascinating and high-performing environment.



What You’ll Get

You’ll join a culture of collaboration and excellence, surrounded by curious thinkers and creative problem-solvers. Motivated by a passion for continuous improvement, you’ll thrive in a supportive, high-performing environment alongside talented colleagues, collectively tackling some of the toughest challenges in the financial markets.

In addition, you’ll receive:



The opportunity to work alongside best-in-class professionals from over 40 different countries
Highly competitive compensation package
Global profit-sharing pool and performance-based bonus structure
401(k) match up to 50%
Comprehensive health, mental, dental, vision, disability, and life coverage
25 paid vacation days alongside market holidays
Extensive office perks, including breakfast, lunch and snacks, regular social events, clubs, sporting leagues and more



Who you are:



A student pursuing a bachelor’s, master’s, or PhD in Computer Science or Computer Engineering
On track to graduate between December 2025 to June 2026
Passionate for writing clean code, well-architected systems, and continuous improvement
Proficient in coding languages such as C++, Python, or Java
A student with strong engineering instincts and a solid understanding of computer science fundamentals
Driven by an entrepreneurial mindset and curious about how tech powers the financial industry
A natural problem-solver with a sharp, analytical approach to tackling challenges
A collaborative teammate comfortable working with developers, traders and business teams



Who we are: 

At Optiver, our mission is to improve the market by injecting liquidity, providing accurate pricing, increasing transparency and stabilizing the market no matter the conditions. With a focus on continuous improvement, we prioritize safeguarding the health and efficiency of the markets for all participants. As one of the largest market making institutions, we are a respected partner on 100+ exchanges across the globe.

Our differences are our edge. Optiver does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental disability, or other legally protected characteristics.



We accept one application per role per year. If you have previously applied to this position during this season and have been unsuccessful, you can reapply once the next recruitment season begins in 2026.



Below is the expected base salary for this position. This is a good-faith estimate of the base pay scale for this position and offers will ultimately be determined based on experience, education, skill set, and performance in the interview process. This position will also be eligible for a discretionary bonus (if determined by Optiver) and Optiver’s benefits package with the benefits listed above. 

Base Salary Range

$175,000—$175,000 USD