About the job

Job Description

Entity: Oracle America, Inc.

Job Duties: Design, develop, troubleshoot and/or test/QA software. As a member of the software engineering division, apply knowledge of software architecture to perform tasks associated with developing, debugging, or designing software applications or operating systems according to provided design specifications. Build enhancements within an existing software architecture and/or suggest improvements to the architecture. May telecommute. (385.33623)

Employer will accept a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, and 6 months of experience in job offered or in a Software Developer-related occupation. Position requires:


 Computer Programming - Python and Java; 
 Git version control system; 
 Software containerization including Docker; 
 Computer Development Tools and Framework including Linux, Git, Jira, Visual Studio/IntelliJ, and cloud platform; 
 API design and development; and 
 Software Development Methodologies including Agile, Waterfall, or Scrum. 



Qualifications

Disclaimer:

Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.

Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the stated locations only

US: Hiring Range in USD from: $57,000 - $141,200 per year. May be eligible for bonus and equity.

Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.

Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.

Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:


 Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion
 Short term disability and long term disability
 Life insurance and AD&D
 Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)
 Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts
 Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits
 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match
 Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation.
 11 paid holidays
 Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours.
 Paid parental leave
 Adoption assistance
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Financial planning and group legal
 Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance



The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar days from the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.

Career Level - IC1

About Us

As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology to tackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.

We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotes opportunities for all.

Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency and support our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.

We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by emailing accommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the United States.

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.