Paycom

Software Developer - 401k 

Irving, TX · 2 hours ago · 70 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer • Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Provide high-paced software development for both internal and external projects where strong verbal and written communications skills are necessary. External projects will integrate our products and services with outside entities (vendors, clients, and other third parties). Most projects will utilize strong organizational skills along with payroll, accounting, or benefit industry knowledge.


This position is not eligible for sponsorship. Paycom is interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States
Not a remote work position


Responsibilities


Perform software development of variety of projects ranging from industry-wide services to client-specific reports and other interfacing technologies.
Creates development code for product modules such as Payroll, Talent Acquisition, Time Management, Human Resources, Talent Management, and Reports
Creates development code that are standard for the Human Capital Management (HCM) industry 
Creates development code and reports that are customized to clients as needed, such as EDI
Creates development code and reports that are customized to Paycom departments as needed 
Make any adjustments to code after testing is performed to ensure that code will address testing concerns
Partner with technology professional such as developers, quality assurance, and application support on software projects of all sizes.
Partner with team of colleagues to enhance product by collaborating ideas 
Partner with colleagues in quality assurance to ensure that codes and data are accurate
Partner with Application Support to aid deployment and support of projects as needed
Work in close communication with outside entities (vendors and third parties) Utilize project management software, issue tracking and source control solutions to track communication about development specs, development, testing, and fixes
Participate in team and project meetings to collaborate concepts and designs to further colleagues skills and modules specs
Collaborate with non-technical professionals such as customer support, clients, and vendors on software projects of all sizes.
Collaborate with product managers on the clarification of specifications as needed 
Collaborate with customer support to gather feedback on client needs and suggestions as needed 
Collaborate with clients on the clarification and testing of report and EDI data
Adhere to the organizational processes and the tracking of project metrics and project statuses.
Utilize Jira to track time usage on projects and meetings 
Collaborate with application support and quality assurance to evaluate stages in projects
Participate in daily standup meetings
Track communications with client/vendor, being primary project contact for some projects as needed.
Participate in communication with clients vendors to ensure satisfaction and eliminate ambiguity in client needs as needed
Be the point of contact for clients to participate in project related discussion regarding needs on development with 3rd parties as needed

Technologies Used


Heavy usage:
PHP, MySQL, SQL Server, C#, JavaScript, React, Swift (Mobile only)
Other usage:
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), ADO, XML, PowerBI, Fox Pro, CSS, TypeScript, Couchbase, Container technologies such as Docker
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Irving, Texas, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

70

total

70

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

79% Entry level candidates

4% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

78

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


17

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


2

%

have an Associate's Degree


3

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Paycom
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Expansion of Market Presence: Paycom plans to open additional sales offices to further expand its market presence, targeting both existing and new markets. This strategy aims to leverage sales force productivity and penetrate larger client organizations.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on customer success and support: The 'Customer Success and Support' department has seen a 13% increase in headcount over the past year, indicating a strategic initiative to enhance customer satisfaction and retention. Engineering growth: The 'Engineering' department has experienced a 4% increase in headcount, suggesting ongoing investment in product development and technological innovation. Sales expansion: Despite a slight 1% decrease in headcount over the past year, the 'Sales' department remains a significant focus with 164 job openings, reflecting efforts to drive revenue growth. Downsizing in quality assurance and product management: The 'Quality Assurance' and 'Product Management' departments have seen significant reductions in headcount by 59% and 38% respectively, indicating potential shifts in operational priorities or efficiency improvements.
… more

The latest hiring trend

6,708

Total employees

7%

Company-wide

2 year growth

85%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
5000
10000

Median employee tenure: 3.2 years

Paycom hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Paycom hired 3 people from University of Southern California. See all

Paycom hired 31 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Paycom Software operates in a highly competitive HR tech landscape, offering a comprehensive cloud-based HCM platform. The company is recognized for its robust growth, high client retention, and strong financial metrics. However, it faces significant competition from other major players like ADP, Paylocity, and Workday, which offer similar HR and payroll solutions. Paycom's focus on AI-driven innovation and full-solution automation helps it maintain a competitive edge, but the crowded market and reliance on a single-platform strategy pose ongoing challenges.
… more

Sources: hrlineup.com +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Paycom

225,183 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

6,708 on LinkedIn

Paycom (NYSE:PAYC) automates the entire employee life cycle in a truly single HR and payroll software. The best HCM software allows employees to enter and manage their own HR and payroll data — anytime, anywhere — via desktop or our easy-to-use mobile app. With employee data flowing seamlessly through a single database, you’re able to experience full-solution automation, eliminate data reentry and maximize your ROI.

Looking to accelerate your career in tech by working on the best payroll software in the industry? Unlock your potential at the best HCM company. Join a fast-paced workplace and enjoy $1-per-pay-period health insurance, paid family leave, on-site fitness centers and wellness advisors, and more. 

Apply today and join our award-winning team!

•	Forbes’ America’s Best Large Employers (2025)
•	TIME World’s Best Companies (2025)
•	Newsweek’s World’s Most Trustworthy Companies (2025)

Come grow with us!
… more

Commitments

Diversity, equity, and inclusion

At Paycom, we support inclusion, diversity, equity and belonging. We have zero tolerance for racism, harassment or discrimination and have demonstrated that as an organization. Still, we understand there is much more work to do. We encourage every one of our team members to form deeper relationships with those around them based on mutual respect, dignity and understanding.
… more

Environmental sustainability

We recognize our responsibility to contribute to a more sustainable environment in the future. Paycom’s technology helps our clients “go green” by managing all payroll, HR processes and documents in our single software. We strive to minimize our environmental impact by implementing green initiatives throughout our workforce and workflow.
… more

Social impact

We are deeply committed to giving back to our community and receive a vast number of requests each year from organizations across the country. To maximize our impact and ensure our charitable footprint reaches as many people in need as possible, giving is supported at both the corporate level through quarterly grant programs and individually during monthly employee giving opportunities.
… more

Learn more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Founding Solutions Engineer (Enterprise AI)

Neon Blue

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$130K/yr + Stock options

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 1:27 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

ZealTech

Concord, CA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 8, 2026, 6:21 PM
48 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Web Developer – Maintenance & Support (Verified job)
Web Developer – Maintenance & Support 

Opus Design

Newton, MA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 10:54 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Project Systems Integrator (Verified job)
AI Project Systems Integrator 

ADCO Electrical Corp.

New York, NY (On-site)

Posted on January 8, 2026, 7:35 AM
11 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Data Engineer

Prepaire Labs

Boston, MA (On-site)

$120K/yr - $145K/yr

Posted on January 7, 2026, 10:08 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI / ML Engineer

Prepaire Labs

Boston, MA (On-site)

$130K/yr - $160K/yr

Posted on January 7, 2026, 10:14 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Systems Engineer

Thunderbolt Talent Partners

Binghamton, NY (On-site)

8 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 5:56 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Developer (Founding Team / Future CTO)

IaxaI, Inc.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 8, 2026, 4:52 PM
2 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

DevOps / Data Engineer (Snowflake, DBT, Airflow) - Contract - Hybrid

VS2 Technology

Cincinnati, OH (On-site)

Posted on January 8, 2026, 6:58 PM
11 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Engineer

Shinkei

El Segundo, CA (On-site)

$145K/yr - $195K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 12:25 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Flight Software Engineer (Verified job)
Staff Flight Software Engineer 

Lunar Outpost

Golden, CO (On-site)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 8, 2026, 12:52 PM
6 hours ago

TS/SCI w/poly Software Engineer

Black Cat Technologies

Herndon, VA (On-site)

$236.0K/yr - $271.4K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Posted on January 7, 2026, 4:20 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))