About the job

Job Title

Co-op – Software Engineering - Cambridge, MA - Jan - 2026

Job Description

Co-op – Software Engineering – Cambridge, MA , Jan - Sep 2026

Are you interested in an Internship opportunity with Philips? We welcome individuals who are currently pursuing an undergraduate (BS) and/or graduate (MS) degree to participate in paid intern opportunities. Through this role you will gain meaningful, hands-on experience working for a HealthTech company.

Your Role


 Develop applications and components within a highly motivated software development team focused on the creation of Patient Monitoring systems -and applications.
Learn and contribute to solving problems with our highly experienced software development consultants
 Work with others in an environment that encourages new ideas and innovations.
Build scalable, secure, on-prem components and services.


You are part of

A team of 50+ engineers for a $200 million product, PIIC iX, that was built from scratch using MS and Web technologies (C#, Visual Studio, SQL Server, Angular, Linux, GitHub,) and work with the Architect; this product connects thousands of Patient Monitors within the walls of thousands of the largest hospitals across the world. Our software displays, analyzes, stores, and integrates acquired patient physiological data across dozens of hospitals systems.

You're The Right Fit If


 Must be currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program majoring in Computer Science.
Possess solid understanding of object oriented software development concepts and methodologies.
Motivated to learn and put knowledge to work.
Must be familiar with any of the following technologies through coursework, industry, or self-taught: .NET framework, C#, SQL, HTML/HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, C++b, Linux, GitHub, Devops knowledge.
 Experience with PC or Mac development using the latest Apple, Google and Microsoft technologies.
Strong problem solving skills and the ability to produce high quality work independently.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
You must be able to successfully perform the following minimum Physical, Cognitive and Environmental job requirements with or without accommodation for this Office/Remote position. 


About Philips

We are a health technology company. We built our entire company around the belief that every human matters, and we won't stop until everybody everywhere has access to the quality healthcare that we all deserve. Do the work of your life to help improve the lives of others.


Learn more about our business. 
Discover our rich and exciting history. 
Learn more about our purpose. 
Read more about our employee benefits. 


Philips Transparency Details 

The hourly pay range for this position is $33.00-46.00, plus overtime eligible. The actual base pay offered may vary depending on multiple factors including, job-related knowledge/skills, experience, business needs, geographical location, and internal equity.

Details About Our Benefits Can Be Found Here.

At Philips, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top end of the range for their role and compensation decisions are dependent upon the facts and circumstances of each case.

Additional Information

US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa, now or in the future.

Company relocation benefits will not be provided for this position. For this position, you must reside in or within commuting distance to the job posting location.

Philips is an Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran and maintains a drug-free workplace.

This requisition is expected to stay active for 45 days but may close earlier if a successful candidate is selected or business necessity dictates. Interested candidates are encouraged to apply as soon as possible to ensure consideration.

Philips is an Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer including Disability/Vets and maintains a drug-free workplace.