About the job

About Pinterest

Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.

Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the flexibility to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.

We’re looking for inquisitive, collaborative university grads to join our engineering teams. Working closely with product, design, data, and back‑end engineers, you’ll learn how large‑scale systems operate and play a meaningful role in building new technologies, features, and tools. Expect real projects, supportive teammates, and plenty of opportunities to explore ideas that make a difference for our teams and Pinners.

What You’ll Do


Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable
Independently take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project
Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end in collaboration with cross-functional Pinployees to help build the future of Pinterest
Effectively and proactively communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities



What We're Looking For


Obtained a Bachelor's or Master's in Computer Science or related technical field by June 2026
Ability to start between January 2026 and September 2026
At least one year of programming experience in an object-oriented language
Experience in previous software engineering internships
Proficiency in a dynamic programming language such as Python
Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms.
Strong communication skills and product sense
You have current authorization to work in the US and will not require employer visa sponsorship now or in the future
Passion for Pinterest and the ability to manage ambiguity and continually learn from your experiences



In-Office Requirement


We let the type of work you do guide the collaboration style. That means we're not always working in an office, but we continue to gather for key moments of collaboration and connection.
This role will need to be in the office for in-person collaboration [1-2 times per week] and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance from one of the following offices [San Francisco, Palo Alto, Seattle].



Relocation Statement:


This position may be eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model.



At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise.

Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here.

US based applicants only

$124,060—$175,140 USD

Our Commitment To Inclusion

Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete this form for support.