About the job

We believe that the way people interact with their finances will drastically improve in the next few years. We’re dedicated to empowering this transformation by building the tools and experiences that thousands of developers use to create their own products. Plaid powers the tools millions of people rely on to live a healthier financial life. We work with thousands of companies like Venmo, SoFi, several of the Fortune 500, and many of the largest banks to make it easy for people to connect their financial accounts to the apps and services they want to use. Plaid’s network covers 12,000 financial institutions across the US, Canada, UK and Europe. Founded in 2013, the company is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in New York, Washington D.C., London and Amsterdam.

This team is the Engineering function within Plaid's security organization and is dedicated to developing industry-leading security systems and infrastructure. This team is responsible for critical services such as secure data storage, key management systems, and internal platforms for identity, authentication, permissions, and authorization. We focus on developing solutions for data encryption, key management, access control, and data loss prevention to safeguard sensitive consumer data. Embracing a Zero Trust security model, the team continuously seeks to enhance Plaid's authentication and access control platforms.

In this role, you'll be responsible for developing security capabilities for both Plaid's infrastructure and sensitive data access. You'll own, maintain, and build essential security infrastructure and services, including the Key Management System and Secure Token Service. A key part of your work will involve consulting with product engineers to ensure all Plaid services adhere to security standards. You'll also educate and support other engineering teams, helping them improve security within their own products and services, and contribute to Plaid's incident response and security awareness programs. Finally, you'll collaborate closely with other security platform members to develop necessary engineering solutions that meet their specific needs.

Responsibilities


Develop maintainable and secure software to enhance Plaid's infrastructure and protect sensitive data.
Communicate effectively with managers and team members regarding project deliverables and progress.
Design and implement technical solutions that align with the evolving needs of the business.
Proactively identify and address security vulnerabilities in products and services.
Actively participate in incident response and security awareness initiatives.


Qualifications


Experience building scalable systems and services.
Ability architecting software systems to meet security, privacy, usability, scalability and cost requirements.


While these experience and characteristics are not prerequisites, candidates who possess them would be well-suited for the role:


Experience building systems or services related to data encryption, key management, secret management, certificate management, transport security, user authentication, device authentication, service authentication, permission management, authorization systems, and security policy enforcement.
Experience with securing critical and sensitive information assets.
Experience with data platforms and data infrastructure.
Experience with threat modeling, security architecture reviews, or incident response.
Passionate about educating others on security and privacy.


$177,600 - $244,800 a year

The target base salary for this position ranges from $177,600/year to $244,800/year.

Additional compensation in the form(s) of equity and/or commission are dependent on the position offered. Plaid provides a comprehensive benefit plan, including medical, dental, vision, and 401(k). Pay is based on factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience and skillset, and location. Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.

Our mission at Plaid is to unlock financial freedom for everyone. To support that mission, we seek to build a diverse team of driven individuals who care deeply about making the financial ecosystem more equitable. We recognize that strong qualifications can come from both prior work experiences and lived experiences. We encourage you to apply to a role even if your experience doesn't fully match the job description. We are always looking for team members that will bring something unique to Plaid!

Plaid is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ethnicity, religion or religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, military or veteran status, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Plaid is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance with your application or interviews due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations@plaid.com.

Please review our Candidate Privacy Notice here .