Poshmark

Software Engineer, Cloud Platform

Redwood City, CA · 23 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

About Poshmark

Poshmark is a leading fashion resale marketplace powered by a vibrant, highly engaged community of buyers and sellers and real-time social experiences. Designed to make online selling fun, more social and easier than ever, Poshmark empowers its sellers to turn their closet into a thriving business and share their style with the world. Since its founding in 2011, Poshmark has grown its community to over 130 million users and generated over $10 billion in GMV, helping sellers realize billions in earnings, delighting buyers with deals and one-of-a-kind items, and building a more sustainable future for fashion. For more information, please visit www.poshmark.com, and for company news, visit newsroom.poshmark.com.

💡 About the Role

Poshmark is looking for a Software Engineer to support the rapid growth of our Cloud Platform and marketplace. In this role, you’ll help build and operate a high-traffic, fast-growing platform while receiving mentorship and guidance from experienced engineers. You’ll work at scale and push the boundaries of cloud-based technologies to help power Poshmark’s continued growth.

⚙️ What You’ll Do


Build applications and services on top of a distributed cloud architecture, using a combination of NoSQL data solutions, Queueing technologies, and Search infrastructure.
Design and implement new product features for the marketplace using a highly iterative and data-oriented approach.
Build, analyze, tune and enhance the core components of the Poshmark product and cloud platform that powers millions of e-commerce transactions.
Work closely with the product & customer support teams to have a direct impact on our growing business.


💪 What You’ll Bring


BE or MS in Computer Science or related technical discipline (or equivalent). Solid foundation in computer science with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design
1+ years of relevant software engineering experience through projects or internships
Experience with Amazon AWS or other Cloud Computing platforms is preferred
Experience with any or all of: Ruby, JRuby, Java, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, MongoDB, ElasticSearch, RabbitMQ, Linux
User-oriented focus and obsession with quality
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Redwood City, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

505

total

505

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

85% Entry level candidates

7% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

82

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


17

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Poshmark
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Leadership Transition: Poshmark is undergoing a leadership transition with the appointment of Namsun Kim as the new CEO, signaling a new strategic era for the company.

...more

Sources: jewelrypackagingsupplier.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a significant increase in job openings by 111% over the past year, indicating a strong focus on expanding their engineering capabilities. Growth in customer support: The 'Customer Success and Support' department has experienced a 50% increase in job openings over the past year, suggesting an emphasis on improving customer service and support. Expansion in information technology: The 'Information Technology' department has shown a 67% increase in job openings over the past year, highlighting a push towards enhancing IT infrastructure and capabilities. Decline in marketing and finance: The 'Marketing' and 'Finance' departments have seen a decrease in job openings by 100% and 50% respectively, indicating a potential shift in focus away from these areas.
… more

The latest hiring trend

2,891

Total employees

0%

Company-wide

2 year growth

67%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
2000
4000

Median employee tenure: 5.8 years

Poshmark hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Poshmark hired 2 people from University of Southern California. See all

Poshmark hired 9 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Poshmark operates in a highly competitive online resale market, driven by the growing demand for sustainable fashion and accessible selling platforms. The company faces significant competition from other social commerce platforms like Depop, ThredUp, and Mercari, which also blend social media with e-commerce to attract fashion enthusiasts. Poshmark's ability to innovate and leverage its integration with Naver for technological advancements will be crucial in maintaining its competitive edge.
… more

Sources: simicart.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Poshmark

148,330 followers

Follow

Retail Apparel and Fashion

 • 

501-1000 employees

 • 

2,891 on LinkedIn

Poshmark is a leading fashion resale marketplace powered by a vibrant, highly engaged community of buyers and sellers and real-time social experiences. Designed to make online selling fun, more social and easier than ever, Poshmark empowers its sellers to turn their closet into a thriving business and share their style with the world. Since its founding in 2011, Poshmark has grown its community to over 150 million users and generated over $10 billion in GMV, helping sellers realize billions in earnings, delighting buyers with deals and one-of-a-kind items, and building a more sustainable future for fashion.

Founded by Manish Chandra, Chetan Pungaliya, Gautam Golwala, and Tracy Sun, Poshmark began as a vision to revolutionize the shopping experience through technology. With the launch of the iPhone 4, our founders saw a future where technology could reinvent shopping by connecting and empowering everyday people to shop and sell from the palm of their hands. In turn, they created an end-to-end fashion resale marketplace inside an easy-to-use mobile app with three guiding principles: buying and selling on Poshmark should be simple, social, and sustainable.

For company news, please visit: newsroom.poshmark.com 

For the latest community, product, and style updates, please visit: blog.poshmark.com
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Software Engineer

Haystack

Greater St. Louis (Hybrid)

Vision, 401(k)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:42 PM
45 minutes ago

Software Engineer - New Grad

Valon

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
11 hours ago

Software Dev Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Dev Engineer I 

Yahoo!

United States (Remote)

$88.5K/yr - $184.4K/yr

23 company alumni work here

Posted on January 13, 2026, 2:03 PM
2 days ago

Member of Technical Staff 1 (Verified job)
Member of Technical Staff 1 

Nutanix

San Jose, CA (On-site)

$90.4K/yr - $180K/yr

11 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:40 PM
46 minutes ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

GumGum

Santa Monica, CA

$128K/yr - $149K/yr

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:30 AM
11 hours ago

AI Engineer (New Graduate) (Verified job)
AI Engineer (New Graduate) 

Distyl AI

San Francisco, CA

$150K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

2 company alumni work here

Posted on January 13, 2026, 4:13 PM
1 day ago

Software Engineer, UX (Verified job)
Software Engineer, UX 

Deepmind

Walla Walla, WA (Hybrid)

36 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:56 PM
31 minutes ago

Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
Associate, Software Engineer 

Morgan Stanley

New York, NY

$150K/yr

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 8:35 AM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer, Data Platform (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Data Platform 

Ramp

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$168K/yr - $324.5K/yr

 • 

Vision, 401(k)

4 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 12:13 PM
2 hours ago

Software Engineer

Helic & Co.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 6:44 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Forward Deployed (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Forward Deployed 

Ramp

New York, United States (Hybrid)

$168K/yr - $231K/yr

 • 

Vision, 401(k)

4 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 12:13 PM
2 hours ago

Software Engineer - New Grad (Verified job)
Software Engineer - New Grad 

Scale

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

2 connections work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 3:19 AM
11 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))