Prudential Financial

Associate Software Engineer 

Newark, NJ · 56 minutes ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$66.7K/yr - $110.1K/yr
Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Job Classification

Technology - Engineering & Cloud

Are you interested in building capabilities that enable the organization with innovation, speed, agility, scalability and efficiency? The Global Technology team takes great pride in our culture where digital transformation is built into our DNA! When you join our organization at Prudential, you’ll unlock an exciting and impactful career – all while growing your skills and advancing your profession at one of the world’s leading financial services institutions.

Your Team & Role 

As an Associate Software Engineer in Global Technology and Operations you will partner with product owners, tech leads, designers, engineers and delivery professionals to improve Financial Accounting Platforms. You will code, test and debug new and existing applications as you implement capabilities to solve sophisticated business problems, deploy innovative products, services and experiences to delight our customers! You will bring excellent problem solving, communication and teamwork skills, along with agile ways of working, strong business insight, an inclusive leadership attitude and a continuous learning focus to all that you do.

Location: Newark, NJ hybrid (in office 3 days/week)

Here is What You Can Expect on a Typical Day 


Build applications ensuring that the code follows latest coding practices and industry standards, using modern design patterns and architectural principles; with guidance, actively code and execute against the roadmap
Develop high quality, well documented and efficient code adhering to all applicable Prudential standards 
Collaborate with product owners in understanding needs and defining feature stories, tech leads in defining technical design and other team members to understand the system end-to-end and deliver robust solutions that bring about business impact 
Write unit, integration tests and functional automation, researching problems discovered by quality assurance or product support
Continue to advance understanding of relevant and emerging technologies with learning and innovation embedded in the day-to-day 
Work on problems of moderate scope in which analysis of situation or data requires a review of identifiable factors
Use programming languages including but not limited to Python, Java, or JavaScript and React, Springboot, Node.js Frameworks 


The Skills & Expertise You Bring


Bachelor of Computer Science or Engineering or experience in related fields
Leverage diverse ideas, experiences, thoughts and perspectives to the benefit of the organization 
Experience with agile development methodologies and Test-Driven Development (TDD)
Knowledge of business concepts tools and processes that are needed for making sound decisions in the context of the company's business
Ability to learn new skills and knowledge on an on-going basis through self-initiative and tackling on challenges
Excellent problem solving, communication and collaboration skills
Experience with the following:
Programming Languages: Python, Java or Java Script; working in distributed systems, object-oriented programming, design patterns and design methodology; JAVA services using Spring CLI, Maven, Microservice, multi-threading, Concurrency and parallel processing
Frameworks: React, Springboot, Node.js, such as Full Stack
Data Store: NoSQL or Relational Data structures
Knowledge/understanding of the following:
Application Programming Interfaces (API): Consumption & Development; implementing service-oriented architecture (SOA) patterns; Web service technologies such as APIs, REST, JSON, SOAP, XML, JDBC, MySQL
Unit, interface and end user testing concepts and tooling (functional & non-functional)
Automated testing
Accessibility awareness
Software security skills including secure coding, web application security and DevSecOps; Solid grasp of security concepts (authentication, authorization, encryption, digital signature, JWT), SSL, web service proxies, firewall, SAML 2.0, OpenID Connect, OAuth 2.0)
Dev Ops Tools & Practices: Branching techniques and usage of GitHub, Bitbucket or Subversion; DevOps, Jenkins
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): Monitoring and logging techniques
AWS Core Services: AWS Services such as CloudWatch, Code-Deploy
Preferred qualifications:
AWS Development
Architecture Patterns
Design Thinking

What We Offer You

Prudential is required by state specific laws to include the salary range for this role when hiring a resident in applicable locations. The salary range for this role is from $66,700.00 to $110,100.00. Specific pricing for the role may vary within the above range based on many factors including geographic location, candidate experience, and skills.


Market competitive base salaries, with a yearly bonus potential at every level. 
Medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability insurance, Paid Time Off (PTO), and leave of absences, such as parental and military leave. 
401(k) plan with company match (up to 4%). 
Company-funded pension plan. 
Wellness Programs including up to $1,600 a year for reimbursement of items purchased to support personal wellbeing needs. 
Work/Life Resources to help support topics such as parenting, housing, senior care, finances, pets, legal matters, education, emotional and mental health, and career development. 
Education Benefit to help finance traditional college enrollment toward obtaining an approved degree and many accredited certificate programs. 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Shares can be purchased at 85% of the lower of two prices (Beginning or End of the purchase period), after one year of service. 


Eligibility to participate in a discretionary annual incentive program is subject to the rules governing the program, whereby an award, if any, depends on various factors including, without limitation, individual and organizational performance. To find out more about our Total Rewards package, visit Work Life Balance | Prudential Careers. Some of the above benefits may not apply to part-time employees scheduled to work less than 20 hours per week.

Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.

Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status, medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email accommodations.hw@prudential.com.

If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers.technicalsupport@prudential.com to request assistance.


… more

Benefits found in job post

Disability insurance, 401(k), Pension plan

Set alert for similar jobs

Associate Software Engineer, Newark, New Jersey, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

128

total

128

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

86% Entry level candidates

5% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

80

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


19

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a High School Diploma
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Prudential Financial
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Transformation towards less market-sensitive operations: Prudential Financial aims to continue its transformation towards becoming less market-sensitive, including efforts to further de-risk through reinsurance transactions and to deliver sustainable long-term growth by investing in products and solutions that meet evolving customer needs.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on finance: The 'Finance' department has seen a 2% increase in headcount, indicating a strategic emphasis on financial operations and growth within this sector. Growth in sales and operations: Both the 'Sales' and 'Operations' departments have experienced a 3% increase in headcount, suggesting a push towards expanding sales capabilities and operational efficiency. Investment in education: The 'Education' department has shown a 6% increase in headcount, highlighting a significant investment in educational initiatives and employee development. Stability in engineering and business development: The 'Engineering' and 'Business Development' departments have maintained stable headcounts, reflecting a steady focus on innovation and business growth.
… more

The latest hiring trend

27,873

Total employees

2%

Company-wide

2 year growth

45%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
20000
40000

Median employee tenure: 8.9 years

Prudential Financial hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Prudential Financial hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

Prudential Financial hired 50 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Prudential Financial operates in a highly competitive landscape, facing significant competition from other major financial services companies such as MetLife, Principal Financial Group, and Ameriprise Financial. The company leverages its massive scale, world-class asset management through PGIM, and a dominant market share in the Japanese life insurance market to maintain its competitive edge. Prudential's strategic focus includes adapting to market changes, leveraging alternative investments, and performance-linked products to bolster profitability.
… more

Sources: markets.financialcontent.com +1 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Prudential Financial

410,441 followers

Follow

Financial Services

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

25,786 on LinkedIn

Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) was founded on the belief that financial security should be within reach for everyone, and for over 140 years, we have helped our customers reach their potential and tackle life's challenges for now and future generations to come. Today, we are one of the world’s largest financial services institutions, offering individual and institutional clients a wide array of financial products and services. With operations in the United States, Asia, Europe and Latin America, we are known for delivering on our promises to our customers, and are recognized as a trusted brand and one of the world’s most admired companies. We also have one of the most recognized and trusted brand symbols: The Rock®, an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation.  We measure our long-term success on our ability to deliver value for shareholders, meet customer needs, and attract and develop the best talent in our industry. We offer an inclusive work environment where employees can develop to their full potential, and give back to the communities where we live and work. (Pru.us/disclaimer)
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

AIDA

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 22, 2025, 8:48 AM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Core Systems

Unlimited Industries

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on December 3, 2025, 1:53 PM
1 month ago

Distributed Systems Software Engineer

Stealth AI CyberSecurity Startup

Brooklyn, NY (On-site)

$180K/yr - $250K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 19, 2025, 11:00 AM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Embedded Software Engineer (C/C# .NET)

ADMET

Norwood, MA (On-site)

$100K/yr - $120K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:15 PM
55 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Software Engineer

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $200K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:55 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Systems Integrator

VIA Centers for Neurodevelopment

Central, VA (On-site)

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 8, 2026, 6:11 AM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer - New Grad

Valon

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
12 hours ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

GumGum

Santa Monica, CA

$128K/yr - $149K/yr

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:30 AM
12 hours ago

Associate Software Engineer

Cabana

New York City Metropolitan Area (On-site)

$140K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

4 benefits

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 14, 2026, 5:14 PM
21 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Entry Level Software Developer (Verified job)
Entry Level Software Developer 

IBM

Lowell, MA (Hybrid)

1 connection works here

Posted on January 8, 2026, 7:32 AM
1 week ago

Entry Level Software Developer

Property Matrix

Los Angeles, CA (On-site)

401(k) benefit

Posted on December 26, 2025, 12:58 PM
2 weeks ago

Software Engineer

Valon

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

$140K/yr - $200K/yr

 • 

1 benefit

1 company alumni works here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:37 AM
12 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))