Pylon

Newgrad Generalist Engineer

San Francisco, CA · 1 hour ago · 11 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Daniel Brereton 

• 3rd

GTM at Pylon

School alum from University of Southern California

Follow
About the job

At Pylon, we’re a small team building a very ambitious product in the mortgage space. We've got product-market fit and are looking to scale what we've built

We're in search of people who find difficult problems invigorating and who fit well into a high-performing team built on mutual respect and reliance. If you like pushing yourself to learn a massive amount while shipping code that has a huge impact on the end product, Pylon Engineering could be a great place for you.

About You

You:


Have strong opinions that you’re willing to defend. We have a culture of vigorous discussion and debate on technical decisions. We’ll push you to defend your choices, and we want you to push back. 
Don't settle. Challenge yourself to frequently and consistently deliver exceptional code. If something could be better, take the initiative to improve it. 
Have great ideas, and lots of them. You should see opportunities all around you to make the code, product and infrastructure better. We’ll give you an environment where you can act on those ideas. 
Are self-motivated. You can take a goal and drive towards it without needing extensive hand-holding. The team is supportive and loves to share knowledge and advice, but there’s no time for micromanaging your work. 
Are comfortable with ambiguity. There's a million ways to do things; you should feel at ease making a decision under uncertainty while balancing competing constraints. 
Are confident you can learn quickly. Mortgage is complex, our platform is complex, good software engineering is complex. You’ve got to have an attitude that you can absorb it, get on top of it, and build something better than what came before. 
Love strong typing. We're a team full of people who love Haskell and Rust (and Idris!) and take pride in pushing Typescript to its limits. 


About The Team

What we’re not:


Building a CRUD app:
We’re building a platform that’s only possible due to deep technology investments and thinking hard from first principles. Cargo-culting what’s come before won’t be sufficient. 
If you’re looking to do mostly plumbing / lego piece assembling, Pylon may be very frustrating for you
A ChatGPT wrapper:
Mortgage is a sprawling mess of problems, and there isn't one tool that solves every one of them. We use LLMs, but we've reached for tools in multiple disciplines like mixed-integer linear optimization and programming language research. 
An easy job:
We’re building a lot of things from the ground up for the first time. Working at Pylon is like a research project where you have to ship to intelligent, opinionated customers regularly. 
It’s basically guaranteed you’ll be handed a task that is too difficult for you to do. You might fail sometimes. You might have no idea where to start. Our team leans heavily on each other, but there’s no getting around the difficulties. 

What we are:


A small team:
We don’t have an army of engineers. If you find something is broken, you are probably the best one to fix it
All the code we write has to punch above its weight in maintainability and toil reduction
If you have a good idea, you have much more ability to put it into action than at a large company
We need generalists: specialization is for big companies that already have everything figured out. If you’re smart, flexible and like getting into everything, we want you. 
Working in a regulated space:
Mortgage is regulated both federally and at the state level. 
We move fast, but breaking things isn’t an option. 

About The Job

Basics


Job title: Software Engineer
Stock options: own a piece of the company and we all win together
Health insurance, 401K, dental, etc. 


Our technology stack:

We don’t require that you’ve worked with any of these technologies before, this is just our stack for your information:


Typescript front and backend
Web components
GraphQL
PostgreSQL
NestJS web framework
Nx build system
Sagittarius
AWS stack using CDK for declarative infrastructure


About Pylon

The $13 trillion mortgage industry at the core of the American economy runs on broken assembly lines with human-powered workflows, stitched-together software, and a series of capital markets intermediates. The costs to originate are at an all time high despite foundational shifts in technology.

Pylon is rewiring mortgages from the ground up. We are building the only API-first, programmatic infrastructure that fully automates credit, compliance, capital, and operations. For the first time, originators can build and scale mortgage businesses entirely through software, not people. Our team comes from Stripe, Better, and Affirm, and we are backed by Conversion Capital, QED, Citi, Fifth Wall, Peter Thiel, and the founders of Ramp, Mercury, Blend, and others.


… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k), Medical insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Newgrad Generalist Engineer, San Francisco, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

11

total

11

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

45% Entry level candidates

Candidate education level

60

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


40

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Pylon
Powered by Bing

The latest hiring trend

35

Total employees

106%

Company-wide

2 year growth

0%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
20
40

Median employee tenure: 1.2 years

Pylon hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Pylon hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Pylon

2,178 followers

Follow

Financial Services

 • 

11-50 employees

 • 

35 on LinkedIn

Pylon is the only way to build and scale a mortgage business through software, not people with automated credit, compliance, capital, and tooling. Leading fintechs, lenders, and publicly traded banks build and scale originations on Pylon. With offices in Menlo Park and New York, the company is backed by Conversion Capital, Peter Thiel, QED Investors, and Citi.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Solutions Engineer (Verified job)
Solutions Engineer 

LeapXpert

United States (Remote)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Posted on January 7, 2026, 2:20 PM
1 day ago

Founding Solutions Engineer (Enterprise AI)

Neon Blue

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$130K/yr + Stock options

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 1:27 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

ZealTech

Concord, CA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 8, 2026, 6:21 PM
51 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Web Developer – Maintenance & Support (Verified job)
Web Developer – Maintenance & Support 

Opus Design

Newton, MA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 10:54 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Project Systems Integrator (Verified job)
AI Project Systems Integrator 

ADCO Electrical Corp.

New York, NY (On-site)

Posted on January 8, 2026, 7:35 AM
11 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Data Engineer

Prepaire Labs

Boston, MA (On-site)

$120K/yr - $145K/yr

Posted on January 7, 2026, 10:08 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI / ML Engineer

Prepaire Labs

Boston, MA (On-site)

$130K/yr - $160K/yr

Posted on January 7, 2026, 10:14 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Developer (Founding Team / Future CTO)

IaxaI, Inc.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 8, 2026, 4:52 PM
2 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Systems Engineer

LinkTech, LLC

Waukesha, WI (On-site)

Medical benefit

Posted on January 8, 2026, 7:06 AM
12 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

DevOps / Data Engineer (Snowflake, DBT, Airflow) - Contract - Hybrid

VS2 Technology

Cincinnati, OH (On-site)

Posted on January 8, 2026, 6:58 PM
14 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Engineer

Shinkei

El Segundo, CA (On-site)

$145K/yr - $195K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 7, 2026, 12:25 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Flight Software Engineer (Verified job)
Staff Flight Software Engineer 

Lunar Outpost

Golden, CO (On-site)

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 8, 2026, 12:52 PM
6 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))