Qualtrics

Software Engineer II - DSX 

Provo, UT · 1 hour ago · 80 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

At Qualtrics, we create software the world’s best brands use to deliver exceptional frontline experiences, build high-performing teams, and design products people love. But we are more than a platform—we are the creators and stewards of the Experience Management category serving over 18K clients globally. Building a category takes grit, determination, and a disdain for convention—but most of all it requires close-knit, high-functioning teams with an unwavering dedication to serving our customers.

When you join one of our teams, you’ll be part of a nimble group that’s empowered to set aggressive goals and move fast to achieve them. Strategic risks are encouraged and complex problems are solved together, by passing the mic and iterating until the best solution comes to light. You won’t have to look to find growth opportunities—ready or not, they’ll find you. From retail to government to healthcare, we’re on a mission to bring humanity, connection, and empathy back to business. Join over 5,000 people across the globe who think that’s work worth doing.

Software Development Engineer II - Data Analytics Platform Team

Why We Have This Role

Our team is a collection of deeply passionate engineers who are riding the groundbreaking of cloud computing and web scalability! We build the data analytics platform infrastructure and applications that help company leaders gain insights about our company’s data. This allows Qualtrics to make sound decisions on technology and customer experience investments. If you have a Bachelor’s degree and 2+ years of experience as a software engineer working on internal data platforms and infrastructure, Qualtrics could be the place for you!

How You’ll Find Success


Defining and driving data architecture that drives our success as a company
Shown ability to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of issues
Demonstrated skill and passion for operational excellence
Ability to retain composure under stressful conditions, communicate effectively with wide array of individuals at Qualtrics, and get the right things done
Ability to understand large systems, drilling down to code level


How You’ll Grow


Passionate about data and getting data to the hand of people and effectively get their job done
Passioned about building infrastructure that scales to the needs of the business
Curious and constantly learning on your own and from others
You get satisfaction from helping others succeed, and you constantly seek ways to improve
You can identify gaps, propose solutions to important problems, then take it to resolution


Things You’ll Do


Developing scalable, fast, robust, and simple self-service data analytics solutions to solve complex business problems
Help us shape our data governance process and streamlining data accessibility
Close collaboration with your team to collect and incorporate feedback into your feature design
Drive operational excellence by investigating production issues, driving root cause analysis and follow-up actions for mitigation
Improve performance, availability, reliability, scale, throughput and latency
Work with your team in order to meet customer work you're doing, understand the decisions that are being made and make your voice heard


What We’re Looking For On Your Resume


Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, IT, or related field
2+ years of professional coding experience with any programming language (Prefer experience in TypeScript/JavaScript/React/Python)
Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems
Experience with software engineering best practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design, continuous delivery, git, test automation and build\deploy systems)
Ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment and to learn new frameworks/stacks
Experience building data infrastructure is a plus


What You Should Know About This Team


Our environment is primarily Python, TypeScript/JavaScript, AWS, Kubernetes and Docker.
Some of our tools that we use day to day: Redshift, Airflow, dbt.
In our collaborative culture, you’ll find plenty of opportunities to impact our full-stack products in the realm of data; from data processing and storage to data visualization & analysis and from the orchestration and scheduling of data intensive applications at a scale to the monitoring, alerting and observability of data health metrics.


Our Team’s Favorite Perks And Benefits


We spend 10% of our time on individual engineering growth activities every quarter
We participate in personalized Career Action Planning. You will work with your manager to design a plan based on your life experiences, values, and career aspirations (inside and outside Qualtrics) that helps you achieve your career goals at Qualtrics
Full time employees receive an annual experience bonus after their first year of employment. Qualtrics Experience Bonus is a program designed to provide experiences to our employees they might not otherwise have.
Variable allowances for wellness, meals, transportation, and more.


The Qualtrics Hybrid Work Model: Our hybrid work model is elegantly simple: we all gather in the office three days a week; Mondays and Thursdays, plus one day selected by your organizational leader. These purposeful in-person days in thoughtfully designed offices help us do our best work and harness the power of collaboration and innovation. For the rest of the week, work where you want, owning the integration of work and life. #hybrid

Qualtrics is an equal opportunity employer meaning that all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected characteristic.

 Applicants in the United States of America have rights under Federal Employment Laws:Family & Medical Leave Act, Equal Opportunity Employment, Employee Polygraph Protection Act

Qualtrics is committed to the inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Qualtrics will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please let your Qualtrics contact/recruiter know.

Not finding a role that’s the right fit for now? Qualtrics Insiders is the one-stop shop for all things Qualtrics Life. Sign up for exclusive access to content created with you in mind and get the scoop on what we have going on at Qualtrics - upcoming events, behind the scenes stories from the team, interview tips, hot jobs, and more. No spam - we promise! You'll hear from us two times a month max with fresh, totally tailored info - so be sure to stay connected as you explore your best role and company fit.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Provo, Utah, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

80

total

80

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

95% Entry level candidates

4% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

95

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


4

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Doctor of Philosophy
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Qualtrics
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Driving adoption of XM platform: Qualtrics aims to increase the adoption of its Experience Management (XM) platform across various industries and regions. This involves enhancing user engagement and expanding the platform's capabilities.

...more

Sources: fernfortuniversity.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Engineering expansion: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 20% increase in headcount, indicating a significant investment in product development and innovation. Quality Assurance growth: The 'Quality Assurance' function has experienced a 42% increase in employees, suggesting a focus on improving product quality and reliability. Administrative and Education focus: Both 'Administrative' and 'Education' departments have grown by 43% and 30% respectively, highlighting an emphasis on internal support and training initiatives. Marketing and Legal investments: The 'Marketing' and 'Legal' departments have increased by 4% and 7% respectively, pointing to enhanced efforts in market outreach and legal compliance.
… more

The latest hiring trend

6,099

Total employees

13%

Company-wide

2 year growth

9%

Engineering

2 year growth

Loading chart...

Median employee tenure: 3.1 years

Qualtrics hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Qualtrics hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

Qualtrics hired 27 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Qualtrics International is a leader in the experience management (XM) market, leveraging its comprehensive, AI-driven platform to distinguish itself from competitors. The company has demonstrated consistent revenue growth and strategic innovation, particularly through significant acquisitions like Press Ganey Forsta. The competitive landscape includes both direct and indirect rivals, with companies like Medallia, SoGoSurvey, and Luminoso offering alternative solutions in the XM space.
… more

Sources: zonkafeedback.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))