About the job

Company

Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.

Job Area

Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Software Engineering

General Summary

Qualcomm's Government Technologies (QGOV) division develops special products based on its wireless terrestrial and satellite communication technologies for the military, federal, local, and foreign governments. In this role as a Software Engineer, you will support government-related research, development, integration and test of such systems, including adaptation and extension of commercial systems to novel applications and environments, as well as internal development efforts. Excellent written and verbal communications skills are essential.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.


 Must be a U.S. citizen and eligible to receive a U.S. Government security clearance **



This role requires full-time onsite work in San Diego, CA (5 days per week). 

Minimum Qualifications


 Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.



Preferred Qualifications


 1+ year of experience with Programming Language such as C, C++, Java, Python, etc.
 1+ year of experience with Database Management Software.
 1+ year of experience with API.
 1+ year of work experience with Git, Perforce, or Source Code Management System.



Principal Duties And Responsibilities


 Applies Software knowledge to assist and support the design, development, creation, modification, and validation of embedded and cloud edge software, applications, and/or specialized utility programs.
 Analyzes user needs and software requirements.
 Designs and implements small software features for products and systems.
 Participates in the design, coding for small features, unit testing, minor debugging fixes, and integration efforts to ensure projects are completed on schedule.
 Assists in performing code reviews and regression tests as well as the triaging of issues to ensure the quality of code.
 Collaborates with others inside project team to accomplish project objectives.
 Writes technical documentation for Software projects.



Level Of Responsibility


 Works under supervision.
 Decision-making affects direct area of work and/or work group.
 Requires verbal and written communication skills to convey basic, routine factual information.
 Tasks require multiple steps which can be performed in various orders; some planning, problem-solving, and prioritization must occur to complete the tasks effectively.



Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer. If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, rest assured that Qualcomm is committed to providing an accessible process. You may e-mail disability-accomodations@qualcomm.com or call Qualcomm's toll-free number found here. Upon request, Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. (Keep in mind that this email address is used to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. We will not respond here to requests for updates on applications or resume inquiries).

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.

Qualcomm expects its employees to abide by all applicable policies and procedures, including but not limited to security and other requirements regarding protection of Company confidential information and other confidential and/or proprietary information, to the extent those requirements are permissible under applicable law.

Pay Range And Other Compensation & Benefits

$94,200.00 - $141,200.00

The above pay scale reflects the broad, minimum to maximum, pay scale for this job code for the location for which it has been posted. Even more importantly, please note that salary is only one component of total compensation at Qualcomm. We also offer a competitive annual discretionary bonus program and opportunity for annual RSU grants (employees on sales-incentive plans are not eligible for our annual bonus). In addition, our highly competitive benefits package is designed to support your success at work, at home, and at play. Your recruiter will be happy to discuss all that Qualcomm has to offer – and you can review more details about our US benefits at this link.

If you would like more information about this role, please contact Qualcomm Careers.