Redfin

Software Developer I - One Stop Shop 

Seattle, WA · 8 minutes ago · 11 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$107.4K/yr - $145.2K/yr
Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

This position is a hybrid role requiring employees to work from our headquarters location in Seattle, WA every Tuesday and Wednesday, and remote all other days.

Redfin is revolutionizing the $75 billion real estate industry. We use data, beautiful software, and innovative design to put customers first at every step in the home-buying and selling process. Get ready to dive headfirst into our award-winning website and mobile apps, solving complex business problems in a highly visible, customer-centric way. If you value doing impactful work in a collaborative environment, join our team!

As a full stack Software Developer I at Redfin, you will contribute to the development of data-driven features and experiments for your team’s products. You'll build products that drive some of the company's most critical metrics and impact revenue growth. We are helping create the best possible home buying or selling experience, one feature at a time.

The Role


You are a developer who thinks like an end user, who knows that 90% done is only half done, and who can build rock-solid code that will withstand millions of users hammering on it.
You are passionate about inventing and automating tasks that are currently performed by humans.
You love beautiful, simple user interfaces, and you constantly wonder what you could have done to make your last project simpler.
You have a drive to learn from those around you, and to teach others in the areas you know best, all in a passionate and supportive environment.
When you disagree, you disagree constructively, with respect for everyone else's opinions and ideas.
More than anything, you share a passion for our mission to radically change the way people make one of the biggest decisions of their lives.


About You


You are a developer with 0-2 years of experience developing full-stack, customer-facing applications.
You keep up with the ever-changing landscape of providing delightful User Interfaces - we use React.
You have experience being part of a team developing large scale apps backed by relational databases - we use Java, Spring, Hibernate, and Postgres.
You’re curious and a life-long learner: you’re willing to take risks and champion new ideas.
You have experience using AI code generation tools tools such as GitHub CoPilot, Anthropic Claude Code, Cursor, or similar.
You are excited to grow your technical and project leadership skills.
You live and breathe a culture of service to customers, operational partners and teammates.
Above all, you share a passion for our mission to create a fundamentally better real estate experience for our customers.


Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, Massachusetts, Colorado, New York City, New Jersey, Jersey City, California, D.C. and Washington candidates only:

Base Pay Range: $107,400.00 - 145,200.00.

The position may also be eligible for an annual bonus, incentives, and other employment-related benefits including, but not limited to, medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K retirement plan, and paid time off. More information regarding these benefits and others can be found here. The information regarding compensation and other benefits included in this paragraph is only an estimate and is subject to revision from time to time as the Company, in its sole and exclusive discretion, deems appropriate. The Company may determine during its review of the proposed compensation and benefits provided for this position that the compensation and benefits for such position should be reduced. In no event will the Company reduce the compensation for the position to a level below the applicable jurisdictional minimum wage rate for the position.

Redfin is an equal opportunity employer committed to an inclusive workforce.

An inclusive culture is vital to Redfin's mission of making real estate better for people from all walks of life. We’re proud that Redfin is a place where different points of view and backgrounds are encouraged and respected. We constantly strive to build a company that reflects the world around us, based on our conviction that pursuing and developing talent of all types is the right way for a business to thrive over the long haul.

Redfin provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibit discrimination based on race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, and any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. If you need accommodation in the application or recruitment process because of a disability or special need, please contact recruitingteam@redfin.com

Redfin encourages individuals with criminal record histories to apply for employment and considers such individuals for employment consistent with the requirements of any applicable fair chance acts, including but not limited to the California, San Francisco and Los Angeles County Fair Chance Acts. Philadelphia applicants can access a copy of Philadelphia Fair Criminal Records Screening Standards ordinance poster here.

Redfin accepts applications on an ongoing basis.


… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Seattle, Washington, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

11

total

11

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

64% Entry level candidates

27% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

90

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


10

%

have a Bachelor's Degree
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Redfin
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Focus on Core Business: Redfin Corporation has strategically decided to wind down its properties segment, including RedfinNow, to focus resources on its core business of residential real estate brokerage and related services.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on real estate: The 'Real Estate' department has seen a 5% increase in employee count, indicating a significant investment in expanding their real estate operations. Growth in engineering: The 'Engineering' department has experienced a 7% increase in headcount, suggesting a focus on technological development and innovation. Expansion in sales: The 'Sales' department has grown by 4%, highlighting an emphasis on boosting sales efforts and market reach. Reduction in human resources: The 'Human Resources' department has seen a 17% decrease in headcount, which may indicate restructuring or cost-cutting measures in HR functions.
… more

The latest hiring trend

5,637

Total employees

7%

Company-wide

2 year growth

6%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
2500
5000
7500

Median employee tenure: 4.9 years

Redfin hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Redfin hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

Redfin hired 16 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Redfin Corporation, now part of Rocket Companies, operates in a highly competitive real estate market. The merger with Rocket Mortgage aims to create a more integrated home buying experience. Redfin's competitive edge lies in its lower commission fees and a seamless online process. However, it faces significant competition from Zillow, Compass, and Opendoor, which offer diverse real estate services and technological innovations. The recent FTC lawsuit against Redfin and Zillow highlights the intense competitive pressures and regulatory scrutiny in the industry.
… more

Sources: homelight.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Redfin

156,031 followers

Follow

Real Estate

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

5,637 on LinkedIn

Redfin is now powered by Rocket. Join our mission to redefine real estate.

Redfin is a technology-driven real estate company with the country’s most-visited real estate brokerage website. As part of Rocket Companies (NYSE: RKT), Redfin is creating an integrated homeownership platform from search to close to make the dream of homeownership more affordable and accessible for everyone. Redfin’s clients can see homes first with on-demand tours, easily apply for a home loan with Rocket Mortgage, and save thousands in fees while working with a top local agent.

Download the Redfin app: https://redfin.onelink.me/iy7h/sxd0hwzq

California DRE #01521930 | Equal housing opportunity
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Founding Engineer

Claims Concierge

Atlanta Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 26, 2026, 7:37 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

RUST Engineer

CHADRICK Professional Services

Plano, TX (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 1:20 PM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Project Administrator

FrostLocker

Boise, ID (On-site)

$30/hr

Posted on January 24, 2026, 2:24 PM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Development Engineer II

Kognitiv Edge

Minneapolis, MN (On-site)

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 25, 2026, 9:33 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Database System (All Levels)

CelerData

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 26, 2026, 11:32 AM
6 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

AI Solutions Engineer (Verified job)
AI Solutions Engineer 

CapCenter

Richmond, VA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 24, 2026, 5:53 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Junior React Developer

First in Math®

Easton, PA (Remote)

$35/hr - $42/hr

 • 

Medical benefit

Posted on January 26, 2026, 9:31 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Quality Assurance Engineer

Leostream Corporation

Portland, OR (On-site)

$85K/yr - $90K/yr

 • 

Vision benefit

Posted on January 26, 2026, 1:38 PM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding Engineer

Isle of Monday

New York, NY (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 7:31 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure (Foundations) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure (Foundations) 

Anyscale

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

1 connection works here

Posted on January 26, 2026, 5:48 PM
20 minutes ago

Front-End Developer (UI/UX-Focused)

CopperSmith®

Minneapolis, MN (Hybrid)

$90K/yr - $110K/yr

Posted on January 26, 2026, 4:27 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Experienced Drupal Developer (Remote Worldwide)

Seahub - Yacht Maintenance Software

Fort Lauderdale, FL (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 26, 2026, 2:43 PM
3 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))