Rillet

Software Engineer

San Francisco, CA · 1 day ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer • Responses managed off LinkedIn

Hybrid
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Nym Raske 

• 3rd

Entrepreneur, Board Advisor & Investor | Finance, Ops & Strategy | Syndicate Lead | Climber | Web3 Nerd

School alum from University of Southern California

Message
About the job

What We Do

Rillet serves finance teams. Our customers are the financial brains of their companies. Our job is to help them run the numbers with impossible speed, accuracy, and insight.

Rillet is an AI-native ERP that can drive a zero-day close. We are different because of our unified source-of-truth data model, hundreds of best-in-class native integrations (Stripe, Ramp, Salesforce, etc), automated & auditable workflows, multi-entity consolidation, and quickly expanding army of specialized AI agents (e.g., accrual, audit, P&L flux, board decks, etc). These earn us a consistently perfect customer satisfaction score. High-growth AI customers like Windsurf, Postscript, and Finch love our ship velocity, because their financial stack needs to scale as quickly as they do.

This huge market is ours to take. We have raised $100M from leading investors (including Sequoia, a16z, Iconiq, Oak HC/FT, and First Round) to help everyone run their numbers at the speed of AI.

Who We Are

Rillet’s pace is not for everyone. Intelligence is table stakes. To succeed here, you need extreme speed, agency, and flexibility.

Successful Rilleteers do not wait for assignments. They internalize a mission, design a strategy, and bring back results that are better, faster, and more creative than a manager could have asked for.

Work revolves around our customers. Successful Rilleteers are energized by delivering the most important things, even those that weren’t in the original plan.

In this role, you do not need to be an accountant. But you do need to appreciate the value that our customers can create for their own company when we equip them with the perfect financial tools. Successful Rilleteers love powering the financial core of the world’s fastest-growing companies.

Who We Need

We're building the future of accounting and finance software at Rillet, and we need exceptional software engineers who want to make their mark. As a full-stack engineer, you'll own meaningful features end-to-end, working directly with our CTO, product, and design teams to craft software that's actually delightful to use (yes, even for accounting).

We're looking for teammates who value in-person collaboration and are within commutable distance of our NYC or San Francisco offices (or willing to relocate). Team members are required to work in-office Tuesdays and Thursdays, plus one additional flexible in-office day. Certain roles may require additional in-office time based on function.

What You'll Do


Contribute across the whole technical infrastructure and software stack.
Help define Rillet’s technical direction for years to come.
Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and finance experts to define the product, not just build it.
Participate in customer research interviews and see firsthand the impact of our product.
Use continuous delivery practices to deliver high-quality software to our end users.
Apply test-driven development and automation extensively.
Make sure that our software runs smoothly in production.


What We're Looking For


2+ years of software engineering experience with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, including proven work in product engineering
Backend focused full-stack engineer with proficiency in Kotlin, Java, or other JVM languages; experience with modern web frameworks and Typescript is a plus!
Strong foundation in both object-oriented and functional programming paradigms
Pragmatic approach to solving real user problems while maintaining high quality standards
Genuine passion for continuous learning, professional growth, and thriving in a collaborative team environment


Life At Rillet


Competitive Pay & Benefits: Backed by world-class investors, we offer strong salaries plus equity so you share in our success. We've got you covered with top-tier health and dental insurance, premiums partially or fully covered for you, plus 90% coverage for dependents.
Room to Grow: We're building a team of ambitious, high-performing people who will grow with the company. As Rillet scales, so will your role, responsibilities, and compensation.
Flexibility That Works: Take the time you need with flexible PTO and 9 company-wide holidays. We value both the flexibility of remote and hybrid work and the creativity and energy that comes from in-person collaboration at our hubs in San Francisco, NYC, and Barcelona.
Build Real Connections: Great work happens when people connect. Join us for team offsites in incredible locations, our team has bonded everywhere from New York and San Francisco to Toronto, Italy, France, and beyond.
… more

Benefits found in job post

Dental insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, San Francisco, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

1236

total

1236

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

87% Entry level candidates

8% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

86

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


12

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Rillet
Powered by Bing

The latest hiring trend

107

Total employees

494%

Company-wide

2 year growth

0%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50
100
150

Median employee tenure: 0.5 years

Rillet hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Rillet hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Rillet

23,079 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

51-200 employees

 • 

107 on LinkedIn

Rillet is the first accounting platform made to tailor fit the workflows of accountants and a full replacement for legacy ERPs like NetSuite and Sage Intacct. Scaling and hyper-growth companies like BitWarden, Windsurf and Postscript use Rillet to enable a smarter close with native integrations, automated journal entries and AI embedded workflows. Rillet also supports multi-entity, multi-currency and multi-geography. 

We natively integrate with industry leading solutions like Salesforce, Stripe, Ramp, Brex, Rippling and more. Our open API also enables custom builds. We support SaaS, professional services, ecommerce, fintech companies and more. 

We're backed by Sequoia, Andreessen Horowitz, and ICONIQ with offices in San Francisco, New York, and Barcelona.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Software Engineer (Python & React)

Leamar Hiring

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 5, 2026, 8:58 AM
12 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full-Stack Developer

AccuMed HealthCare Research

Greenwood Village, CO (On-site)

$90K/yr - $110K/yr

 • 

Dental benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 2:37 PM
6 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Founding iOS Engineer (Verified job)
Founding iOS Engineer 

Second Nature Computing

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$150K/yr - $190K/yr + Stock options

Posted on January 4, 2026, 3:25 PM
1 day ago

Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US (Verified job)
Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US 

Uber Technologies Inc

Seattle, WA

$150K/yr - $158K/yr

3 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:06 PM
5 hours ago

Full Stack Engineer

Shields Group Search

New York, NY (On-site)

$130K/yr - $160K/yr

Posted on January 5, 2026, 7:37 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer 

Epsilon

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

$90K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:29 PM
7 hours ago

Senior Search Engineer

Jackson Parker Operating

Cleveland, OH (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:03 PM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US (Verified job)
Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US 

Uber Technologies Inc

New York, NY

$150K/yr - $158K/yr

3 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:06 PM
5 hours ago

Full Stack Engineer (Verified job)
Full Stack Engineer 

Adobe

San Jose, CA

$159.2K/yr - $301.6K/yr

4 connections work here

Posted on January 4, 2026, 2:00 AM
1 day ago

Software Engineer, Associate (NJUS) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Associate (NJUS) 

NetJets

Columbus, OH (Hybrid)

401(k) benefit

9 school alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:47 PM
4 hours ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

AMEX

Phoenix, AZ (Hybrid)

$78K/yr - $124.8K/yr

4 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 9:00 PM
22 minutes ago

Full Stack Engineer

Atom

Austin, TX (On-site)

$150K/yr + Bonus

 • 

4 benefits

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 5, 2026, 12:41 PM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))