About the job

About Rivian

Rivian is on a mission to keep the world adventurous forever. This goes for the emissions-free Electric Adventure Vehicles we build, and the curious, courageous souls we seek to attract.

As a company, we constantly challenge what’s possible, never simply accepting what has always been done. We reframe old problems, seek new solutions and operate comfortably in areas that are unknown. Our backgrounds are diverse, but our team shares a love of the outdoors and a desire to protect it for future generations.

Role Summary

The Fintech Team within Commercial Technology at Rivian builds software to support payment, reconciliation, and risk processes for all lines of business. We are looking for a software engineer who is comfortable working in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment, who is obsessed with providing the best experience for our customers, and holds themselves to high engineering standards.

Responsibilities


Design, develop, and test intelligent distributed systems at scale
Collaborate with, Operations, UX designers, product managers, and other engineering teams on business and engineering initiatives
Willing to support on-call rotation as needed for production system


Qualifications


2+ years of relevant industry experience as a backend engineer
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field
Experience with Java, microservices, web frameworks
Experience with containerization, orchestration, and CI tools like Docker, Kubernetes, and Argo
Experience developing with GraphQL and REST specifications and their associated documentation tools
Strong understanding of object oriented principles
Solid understanding of databases (Postgres, RDS, DynamoDB, etc.)
Familiarity with cloud-native technologies and platforms such as AWS
Unit testing and test-driven development experience
Nice to haves:
Experience in multi-threading, concurrency, and other high performance concepts
Experience in Fintech or payment systems


Pay Disclosure

Salary Range for California Based Applicants: $107,000 - $145,400 (actual compensation will be determined based on experience, location, and other factors permitted by law)

Benefits Summary: Rivian provides robust medical/Rx, dental and vision insurance packages for full-time employees, their spouse or domestic partner, and children up to age 26. Coverage is effective on the first day of employment.

Equal Opportunity

Rivian is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information or characteristics, physical or mental disability, marital/domestic partner status, age, military/veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Rivian is committed to ensuring that our hiring process is accessible for persons with disabilities. If you have a disability or limitation, such as those covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, that requires accommodations to assist you in the search and application process, please email us at candidateaccommodations@rivian.com.

Candidate Data Privacy

Rivian may collect, use and disclose your personal information or personal data (within the meaning of the applicable data protection laws) when you apply for employment and/or participate in our recruitment processes (“Candidate Personal Data”). This data includes contact, demographic, communications, educational, professional, employment, social media/website, network/device, recruiting system usage/interaction, security and preference information. Rivian may use your Candidate Personal Data for the purposes of (i) tracking interactions with our recruiting system; (ii) carrying out, analyzing and improving our application and recruitment process, including assessing you and your application and conducting employment, background and reference checks; (iii) establishing an employment relationship or entering into an employment contract with you; (iv) complying with our legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations; (v) recordkeeping; (vi) ensuring network and information security and preventing fraud; and (vii) as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.

Rivian may share your Candidate Personal Data with (i) internal personnel who have a need to know such information in order to perform their duties, including individuals on our People Team, Finance, Legal, and the team(s) with the position(s) for which you are applying; (ii) Rivian affiliates; and (iii) Rivian’s service providers, including providers of background checks, staffing services, and cloud services.

Rivian may transfer or store internationally your Candidate Personal Data, including to or in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the European Union and in the cloud, and this data may be subject to the laws and accessible to the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities of such jurisdictions.

Please note that we are currently not accepting applications from third party application services.