Rubrik

Software Engineer - Cloud Unstructured 

Palo Alto, CA · 3 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$131.4K/yr - $197.2K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California and others in your network

Show all
About the job

About Team

The Rubrik Cloud Unstructured team helps customers manage and analyze petabytes of data and billions of files and objects. We make it easy for businesses to protect, search, secure, and analyze all of their data simply and scalably. This is a massive challenge and we’re just getting started so there is a lot of opportunity for personal growth and contribution. We believe in fostering a culture with strong engineering values and goals as the key to building a great company and product.

Rubrik Software Engineers are self-starters, driven, and can manage themselves. We believe in giving engineers responsibility, not tasks. Our goal is to motivate and challenge people to do their best work.

What You’ll Do


Full stack ownership including design, implementation, and testing of new features that are reliable and performant
Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.
Collaborate with Product Designers, Product Managers, and Software Engineers to deliver compelling user-facing products
Troubleshoot issues experienced by customers and internal product testing, and providing robust solutions
Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues


Experience You’ll Need


BS or MS in Computer science or related field with 0-2 years of relevant work experience 
Proficiency in one or more general purpose programming languages like Go, C/C++, Scala, Python
Experience with Google Cloud Platform/AWS/Azure or other public cloud technologies is a plus.
Knowledge of Docker, Containers, Kubernetes, microservice architectures is a plus.
Strong fundamentals in distributed systems design, Operating System fundamentals, networking and concurrency concepts. 


The minimum and maximum base salaries for this role are posted below; additionally, the role is eligible for bonus potential, equity and benefits. The range displayed reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the role based on U.S. location. Within the range, the salary offered will be determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US Pay Range

$131,400—$197,200 USD

Join Us in Securing the World's Data

Rubrik (RBRK), the Security and AI Operations Company, leads at the intersection of data protection, cyber resilience, and enterprise AI acceleration. Rubrik Security Cloud delivers complete cyber resilience by securing, monitoring, and recovering data, identities, and workloads across clouds. Rubrik Agent Cloud accelerates trusted AI agent deployments at scale by monitoring and auditing agentic actions, enforcing real-time guardrails, fine-tuning for accuracy and undoing agentic mistakes.

Linkedin | X (formerly Twitter) | Instagram | Rubrik.com

Inclusion @ Rubrik

At Rubrik, we are dedicated to fostering a culture where people from all backgrounds are valued, feel they belong, and believe they can succeed. Our commitment to inclusion is at the heart of our mission to secure the world’s data.

Our goal is to hire and promote the best talent, regardless of background. We continually review our hiring practices to ensure fairness and strive to create an environment where every employee has equal access to opportunities for growth and excellence. We believe in empowering everyone to bring their authentic selves to work and achieve their fullest potential.

Our inclusion strategy focuses on three core areas of our business and culture:


Our Company: We are committed to building a merit-based organization that offers equal access to growth and success for all employees globally. Your potential is limitless here. 
Our Culture: We strive to create an inclusive atmosphere where individuals from all backgrounds feel a strong sense of belonging, can thrive, and do their best work. Your contributions help us innovate and break boundaries. 
Our Communities: We are dedicated to expanding our engagement with the communities we operate in, creating opportunities for underrepresented talent and driving greater innovation for our clients. Your impact extends beyond Rubrik, contributing to safer and stronger communities. 


Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Rubrik is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please contact us at hr@rubrik.com if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.

EEO IS THE LAW

NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL LABOR LAWS
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Palo Alto, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

336

total

336

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

82% Entry level candidates

5% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

87

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


12

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Rubrik
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Cyber Resilience: Rubrik focuses on leading the cyber resilience market by providing fast recovery capabilities and unified data security policy control to protect against cyber attacks.

...more

Sources: ainvest.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Expanding engineering capabilities: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 21% increase in headcount, indicating a significant investment in technological development and innovation. Growing business development efforts: The 'Business Development' function has experienced a 30% increase in employee count, suggesting a strong focus on expanding market reach and strategic partnerships. Increasing focus on customer success: The 'Customer Success and Support' department has grown by 10%, highlighting an emphasis on improving customer satisfaction and retention. Strengthening sales force: The 'Sales' department has increased by 11%, reflecting a strategic push to boost revenue and market presence.
… more

The latest hiring trend

4,823

Total employees

32%

Company-wide

2 year growth

24%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 3662 to 4823.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
2500
5000
7500
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 2.5 years

Rubrik hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Rubrik hired 1 person from University of Southern California. See all

Rubrik hired 23 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Rubrik operates in a highly competitive data security and management market, facing strong competition from companies like Veeam Software, Commvault, and Cohesity. Rubrik differentiates itself with its cloud-native architecture, AI-driven resilience, and comprehensive data protection solutions. The company is well-positioned to capitalize on the growing demand for cyber resilience, although it faces challenges related to pricing models and achieving profitability.
… more

Sources: empalis.de +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Rubrik

465,147 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

4,822 on LinkedIn

Rubrik (NYSE: RBRK), the Security and AI company, operates at the intersection of data protection, cyber resilience and enterprise AI acceleration. The Rubrik Security Cloud platform is designed to deliver robust cyber resilience and recovery including identity resilience to ensure continuous business operations, all on top of secure metadata and data lake.

Follow @rubrikInc on X (formerly Twitter), YouTube, and Instagram.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Software Engineer

Scint AI

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on February 1, 2026, 2:30 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Backend & Infrastructure Engineer (Equity-Only)

TwinWise AI

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 31, 2026, 7:00 AM
2 days ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Fullstack Engineer (On-Site, West Hollywood, CA) (Verified job)
Senior Fullstack Engineer (On-Site, West Hollywood, CA) 

COVU

Los Angeles, CA (On-site)

$120K/yr - $180K/yr

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 3:28 PM
3 days ago

Software Engineer (Verified job)
Software Engineer 

Harry's, Inc.

New York, NY (Hybrid)

$110K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:17 PM
12 minutes ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

Chewy

Boston, MA (On-site)

$103K/yr - $164.5K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:17 PM
12 minutes ago

Clinical Software Engineer I (on-site) (Verified job)
Clinical Software Engineer I (on-site) 

Abbott Laboratories

Los Angeles, CA

$73.9K/yr - $116K/yr

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 1:24 PM
5 hours ago

Back End Developer

Workerbee

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on February 2, 2026, 2:26 PM
4 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer Full Stack & Application Development I (Intern) – United States (Verified job)
Software Engineer Full Stack & Application Development I (Intern) – United States 

Cisco

Hillsboro, OR (On-site)

Vision, 401(k), +1 benefit

1 connection works here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 6:17 PM
12 minutes ago

Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Software Engineer I 

bioMérieux - jobvite

Salt Lake City, UT (On-site)

$82K/yr - $102K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

5 company alumni work here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 12:23 PM
6 hours ago

Software Engineer

Flamingo

New York, NY (On-site)

$110K/yr - $130K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Posted on February 2, 2026, 1:51 PM
4 hours ago

Software Engineer (Embedded & Application Development, US Citizen Only)

IST PRECISION

Mooresville, NC (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Posted on February 1, 2026, 5:34 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer 1 (Verified job)
Software Engineer 1 

Lensa

San Diego, CA (On-site)

$55.50/hr - $75/hr

53 school alumni work here

Posted on February 2, 2026, 5:30 PM
58 minutes ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))