About the job

Who We Are

Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.

Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.

About the role:

Are you a recent or upcoming graduate ready to launch your career at the forefront of industrial IoT? Join us and help shape the future of connected operations. You will immediately dive into challenging, real-world projects with the freedom and responsibility of a full-time engineer. We believe in providing a greenfield opportunity for growth and a high degree of ownership from day one. You will build and innovate, making a tangible impact on our global customers.

Engineering Specializations:

As a new grad, you will be considered for one of the following engineering specializations based on your skills, interests, and business needs:



Backend Infrastructure: Design and develop the core infrastructure that powers our IoT platform, connecting over 15,000 hardware assets globally. You'll focus on scaling data ingestion and storage systems to handle growing data volumes and collaborate with engineers to enable new types of data analysis.
Full-stack, Frontend: Create user interfaces that transform data from millions of devices into intuitive, actionable insights. You'll work closely with our design and product teams to rapidly iterate on solutions, with projects ranging from developing design systems to performance engineering.
Full-stack, Backend: Design and develop features across our platform, directly impacting current and future customers. You'll tackle engineering challenges from architecting data structures for massive data collection to building high-performing data analytics on web and mobile platforms.
Mobile Infrastructure: Work on the critical infrastructure that supports our React Native application. Your contributions will empower feature teams to iterate quickly and write performant, maintainable code, delivering a seamless mobile experience.
Embedded Software: Design, develop, and maintain all on-device software for Samsara's hardware products. This includes everything from edge AI models and multimedia frameworks to low-level power management and real-time data processing, building software that runs reliably in tough, real-world conditions.



Our Tech Stack:

We use Golang for our backend, Typescript and React for our web client, GraphQL to fetch data, and React Native for our mobile app. While direct experience with this stack is not required, experience with similar technologies is strongly encouraged.

Why Join Us?



You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations.
You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go.
You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes.
You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we’re all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together.



Minimum requirements for the role:



Current Senior pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related technical field, with an expected graduation date in Fall/Winter 2025 or Spring/Summer 2026.
This is a full-time, remote OR in-person hybrid role requiring 3 days per week in our San Francisco, CA office and 2 days working remotely. 



An ideal candidate also:



Has a Builder Mindset: You're passionate about creating and taking ownership of projects. You have a strong technical foundation in computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms, and you're adaptable and versatile, ready to tackle challenges across different areas of our technology stack.
Knows Their Stuff: You have a proven ability to develop production-level software. You're proficient in at least one of the following areas: Backend, Infrastructure, Fullstack, Frontend, or Mobile Infrastructure. We're especially interested in experience with Golang, Python, Node.js, Typescript, and React.
Is Customer Obsessed: You're motivated by understanding customer needs and building solutions that make their lives easier. You're excited to ship customer experiences and iterate on new products based on feedback.
Wins as a Team: You champion, role model, and embed our company values, especially the belief that we succeed together. You have excellent collaboration skills and can work effectively both independently and with cross-functional teams.



Samsara’s Compensation Philosophy: Samsara’s compensation program is designed to deliver Total Direct Compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that is at or above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable + restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) for eligible roles. For eligible roles, a new hire RSU award may be awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSU refresh grants may be awarded annually.

We pay for performance, and top performers in eligible roles may receive above-market equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve higher market.

The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position is below. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors including your city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.

$89,547.50—$150,500 USD

At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, and other characteristics protected by law. We depend on the unique approaches of our team members to help us solve complex problems and want to ensure that Samsara is a place where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.

Benefits

Full time employees receive a competitive total compensation package along with employee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, and much, much more. Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.

Accommodations 

Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please email accessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonable accommodations throughout the recruiting process.

Flexible Working 

At Samsara, we embrace a flexible working model that caters to the diverse needs of our teams. Our offices are open for those who prefer to work in-person and we also support remote work where it aligns with our operational requirements. For certain positions, being close to one of our offices or within a specific geographic area is important to facilitate collaboration, access to resources, or alignment with our service regions. In these cases, the job description will clearly indicate any working location requirements. Our goal is to ensure that all members of our team can contribute effectively, whether they are working on-site, in a hybrid model, or fully remotely. All offers of employment are contingent upon an individual’s ability to secure and maintain the legal right to work at the company and in the specified work location, if applicable.

Fraudulent Employment Offers

Samsara is aware of scams involving fake job interviews and offers. Please know we do not charge fees to applicants at any stage of the hiring process. Official communication about your application will only come from emails ending in ‘@samsara.com’ or ‘@us-greenhouse-mail.io’. For more information regarding fraudulent employment offers, please visit our blog post here.