About the job

At Scale, our mission is to accelerate the development of AI applications. For 8 years, Scale has been the leading AI data foundry, helping fuel the most exciting advancements in AI, including: generative AI, defense applications, and autonomous vehicles. With our recent Series F round, we’re accelerating the abundance of frontier data to pave the road to Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), and building upon our prior model evaluation work with enterprise customers and governments, to deepen our capabilities and offerings for both public and private evaluations.

Example Projects:


Ship tools to accelerate the growth of new qualified contributors on Scale’s labeling platform
Build methodical fraud-detection systems to remove bad actors and keep Scale’s contributor base safe and trusted. 
Use models to estimate the quality of tasks and labelers, and guarantee quality on requests at large scale.
Devise advanced matching algorithms to match labelers to customers for optimal turnaround and accuracy.
Build methods to automatically measure, train, and optimally match labelers to tasks based on performance
Create optimized and efficient UI/UX tooling, in combination with ML algorithms, for 100k+ labelers to complete billions of complex tasks
Develop new AI infrastructure products to visualize, query, and explore Scale data
Create a customer service RAG application that handles 1000s of questions a day
Integrate a cutting-edge ML model that predicts churn with a customer's retention system


Requirements:


A graduation date in Fall 2025 or Spring 2026 with a Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in a relevant field (Computer Science, EECS, Computer Engineering, Statistics) 
Product engineering experience such as building web apps full-stack, integrating with relevant APIs and services, talking to customers, figuring out ‘what’ to build and then iterating
Previous Product/Software Engineering Internship experience 
Track record of shipping high-quality products and features at scale
Experience building systems that process large volumes of data
Experience with Typescript, React, Python and/or MongoDB


Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You’ll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$124,000—$150,000 USD

PLEASE NOTE: Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.

About Us:

At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how organizations build and deploy AI. Our products power the world's most advanced LLMs, generative models, and computer vision models. We are trusted by generative AI companies such as OpenAI, Meta, and Microsoft, government agencies like the U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force, and enterprises including GM and Accenture. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.

We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's Know Your Rights poster for additional information.

We comply with the United States Department of Labor's Pay Transparency provision. 

PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our privacy policy for additional information.