Scopely

Software Engineer, Full Stack 

Sunnyvale, CA · 2 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer • Responses managed off LinkedIn

$139.5K/yr - $170.5K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

Scopely is a global gaming company whose mission is to inspire play every day. Niantic (a division of Scopely)’s mission is to inspire people to explore the world, together. We build products that inspire exercise, exploration, and social in-person interaction.

Niantic’s Engineering Team is seeking an adventurous Software Engineer, Web/Full Stack. We seek engineers with strong technical background, great execution, and self-starter mentality. The ideal candidate loves to jump into the unknown, clarify ambiguities, quickly learn from failures, and break down vague ideas into concrete tasks.

Responsibilities


Work with technical leads to design and implement high impact features end to end including cloud pipelines and infrastructure, database development, server development, and front end development.
Build well-designed, reusable services and components that can be shared across Niantic’s applications.
Collaborate between eng, design, and product teams to ensure the goals of the product are aligned with the delivered feature or service.
Participate in code reviews, write unit tests, and conduct troubleshooting to ensure uptime for live systems.
Collaborate with cross-site stakeholders and team members around the world to cultivate strong working relationships, including regular and reliable attendance and participation in meetings, and traveling to global offices as needed to facilitate effective collaboration.
Act as a cultural, linguistic and technical bridge between teams across global offices, including in Latin America and Spain.
Required in-office at least 3 days per week, based in Sunnyvale CA. 


Qualifications


MS, or PhD in Computer Science, or a related technical field.
1.5+ years industry experience in 3D development and web development.
Proficiency in multiple application domains (e.g. game engines, web, cloud computing) and a demonstrated ability to learn and deliver products utilizing new technologies.
Strong experience in advanced, modern Javascript technologies (e.g. WebGL, WebAssembly) and frameworks (GraphQL, React, Node).
Strong experience in backend technologies (e.g. Golang, GRPC).
Demonstrated ability to propose, implement and launch high impact features.
Demonstrated commitment to quality including concrete deliverables around performance and test coverage.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle stress appropriately and/or ability to solve practical problems and be sufficiently adaptable to handle dynamic situations with little advance notice.
Experience working on cross-functional teams with ability to communicate effectively through written and verbal communications, including synchronous interactions with others.
Fluency in Spanish with ability to periodically travel to Scopely’s global offices, including ones in Barcelona or Mexico City.


Plus If...


Experience building complex features end to end.
Experience helping shape technical design and execution as a strong engineering partner.


The total compensation package for this position includes a new hire offer base salary range of $139,500 - $170,500 + bonus + benefits.

Individual pay within this salary range is determined by work location and additional factors, including assessed job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can answer any questions about new hire total compensation during the hiring process. An overview of benefit offerings for your location can be found on the careers page.

For candidates in CA, CO, NJ, NY, and WA, the annual salary range is provided below. In addition to base pay, employees may be eligible for equity, bonuses, and a comprehensive benefits package, including healthcare benefits, retirement benefits, pet insurance, paid holidays, paid Scopely free days, and unlimited paid time off. Base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.

CA, CO, NJ, NY, and WA Annual Salary Range

$139,500 - $170,500 USD

About Us

Scopely is a global interactive entertainment and mobile-first video game company, home to many top, award-winning experiences such as "MONOPOLY GO!," “Star Trek™ Fleet Command,” “Stumble Guys,” “MARVEL Strike Force,” and “Yahtzee® With Buddies,” among others.

Scopely creates, publishes, and live-operates immersive games that empower a directed-by-consumer™ experience across multiple platforms--from mobile, web, PC and beyond.

Founded in 2011, Scopely is fueled by a world-class team and a proprietary technology platform Playgami that supports one of the most diversified portfolios in the games industry.

Recognized multiple times as one of Fast Company’s “World’s Most Innovative Companies,” Scopely is a multi-billion-dollar business due to its ability to create long-lasting game experiences that players enjoy for years.

Scopely has global operations in more than a dozen markets across Asia, EMEA, and North America, and is home to many internal game development teams, referred to as Scopely Studios, with additional game studio partners across four continents.

Scopely was acquired by Savvy Games Group in July 2023 for $4.9 billion, and is now an independent subsidiary of Savvy.

For more information on Scopely, visit: scopely.com

Notice to candidates: Scopely, Inc and its affiliates will never request payment or ask for financial information as a condition for applying to a position or receiving an offer of employment. All official Scopely, Inc. recruiters only use email domains that end with @scopely.com.

Our official website is www.scopely.com. Please only apply to positions posted on our official website and ensure the recruiter only communicates via the official email domain.

Should you have any questions or encounter any fraudulent requests/emails/websites, please immediately contact recruiting@scopely.com. Our job applicant privacy policies are available here: California Privacy Notice and EEA/UK Privacy Notice.

Employment at Scopely is based solely on a person's merit and qualifications. Scopely does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), or any other basis protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Sunnyvale, California, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

118

total

118

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

86% Entry level candidates

4% Senior level candidates

1% Director level candidates

Candidate education level

91

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


8

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Doctor of Philosophy
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Scopely
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Strategic Acquisitions: Scopely focuses on acquiring other game studios and intellectual properties to diversify its game portfolio and reach new audiences.

...more

Sources: canvasbusinessmodel.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in Engineering: The Engineering department has seen a 16% increase in headcount, indicating a major focus on technological development and innovation. Expansion in Quality Assurance: With a 16% rise in employee count, the Quality Assurance function is growing, suggesting an emphasis on improving product quality and reliability. Increase in Research: The Research department has experienced a 25% increase in headcount, highlighting a strong investment in new product development and innovation. Growth in Accounting: The Accounting function has grown by 30%, which may indicate an increased focus on financial management and compliance as the company scales.
… more

The latest hiring trend

3,749

Total employees

12%

Company-wide

2 year growth

17%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
2500
5000

Median employee tenure: 2.6 years

Scopely hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Scopely hired 8 people from University of Southern California. See all

Scopely hired 51 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Scopely operates in a highly competitive mobile gaming market, leveraging strategic acquisitions, proprietary technology, and live-ops mastery to maintain its market leadership. The company focuses on creating and publishing a variety of casual and mid-core games, often based on popular franchises. With cumulative revenues surpassing $10 billion, Scopely continues to expand its portfolio and market reach, facing competition from major players like Zynga, Tencent, and Tripledot.
… more

Sources: blog.udonis.co +2 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Scopely

186,085 followers

Follow

Entertainment Providers

 • 

1001-5000 employees

 • 

2,838 on LinkedIn

Scopely is a leading global interactive entertainment and video game company, home to many top-grossing, award-winning franchises, including the most successful mobile game ever launched "MONOPOLY GO!," along with "Stumble Guys," "Star Trek™ Fleet Command," "MARVEL Strike Force," "WWE Champions" and "Yahtzee® With Buddies," among many others.

Scopely creates, publishes, and live-operates immersive games across mobile, web, PC and console that empower a directed-by-consumer™ experience.

Founded in 2011, Scopely is fueled by a world-class team and a proprietary technology platform Playgami™ that supports one of the most diversified portfolios in the games industry.

Recognized multiple times as one of Fast Company’s “World’s Most Innovative Companies” and as a TIME100 “Most Influential Company In the World,” Scopely has surpassed $10 billion in lifetime revenue due to its ability to create long-lasting game experiences that players enjoy for years.

Scopely has global operations across North America, Central America, EMEA and Asia, with additional game studio partners across four continents. 

Scopely was acquired by Savvy Games Group in July 2023 for $4.9 billion, and is now an independent subsidiary of Savvy.

For more information on Scopely, visit: scopely.com.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Full-Stack Developer — AI Agent Platform for Financial Services (Google Cloud / Vertex AI)

Insomniac Hedge Fund Guy

United States (Remote)

$60/hr - $70/hr

Posted on January 4, 2026, 11:43 AM
1 day ago

Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US (Verified job)
Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US 

Uber Technologies Inc

Seattle, WA

$150K/yr - $158K/yr

3 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:06 PM
4 hours ago

Founding iOS Engineer (Verified job)
Founding iOS Engineer 

Second Nature Computing

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

$150K/yr - $190K/yr + Stock options

Posted on January 4, 2026, 3:25 PM
1 day ago

Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US (Verified job)
Graduate 2026 Software Engineer I, US 

Uber Technologies Inc

New York, NY

$150K/yr - $158K/yr

3 connections work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:06 PM
4 hours ago

Java Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Java Software Engineer I 

Esri

Redlands, CA

$79K/yr - $129.8K/yr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:18 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer 1 (Verified job)
Software Engineer 1 

Intuit

San Diego, CA

$55.50/hr - $75/hr

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:29 AM
17 hours ago

New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer 

Epsilon

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

$90K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:29 PM
7 hours ago

Senior Search Engineer

Jackson Parker Operating

Cleveland, OH (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:03 PM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer (Verified job)
New Grad Program – Associate, Software Engineer 

Epsilon

Westminster, CO (Hybrid)

$90K/yr

 • 

2 benefits

Posted on January 5, 2026, 1:29 PM
7 hours ago

Software Engineer (Verified job)
Software Engineer 

DocuSign

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

Posted on January 5, 2026, 3:45 PM
5 hours ago

Software Engineer 1 (Verified job)
Software Engineer 1 

Lensa

Mountain View, CA (On-site)

52 school alumni work here

Posted on January 4, 2026, 11:23 PM
21 hours ago

Software Engineer, Associate (NJUS) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Associate (NJUS) 

NetJets

Columbus, OH (Hybrid)

401(k) benefit

9 school alumni work here

Posted on January 5, 2026, 4:47 PM
4 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))