About the job

Sigma unlocks the value of data by delivering cloud-scale analytics and business intelligence with the simplicity of a spreadsheet, complete with pivot tables and next generation dashboards. We empower business professionals, non-technical users, and data teams to quickly explore, analyze, visualize, and collaborate, leveraging all of their data across the organization.

Our New Grad (Temp-to-Hire) Program At Sigma

Sigma’s early career program is the launchpad for the next generation of engineers and innovators. As a Software Engineering New Grad at Sigma, you’ll work on various production features and learn efficient engineering for large scalable systems. Our new grads work directly with our engineers, product leaders, and designers across the organization everyday. We’re looking for recent graduates who bring curiosity, a spirit for collaboration, and a desire for shaping the future of business insights and data exploration.

Note: Our New Grad Program is a temp-to-hire program. Participants will be hired in a 3 month temp role and converted to a FTE based on positive performance and evaluation. 

New Grad Program Qualifications


Authorization: 
You must be legally authorized to work in the US
Visa sponsorship is not available for our new grad positions, but we welcome applicants on a student visa (with authorization to work in the U.S.) to apply
Location: 
Our new grad roles are in-person and located within San Francisco, CA or New York, NY. Relocation assistance will be provided for recent graduates who will need to relocate in the form of a relocation bonus. 
Applicants must be able to work in-person in our offices either in San Francisco or New York City for the duration of their 3 month internship.

About The Role

Sigma’s Engineering organization is a dynamic, high performing team of Software Engineers who complement each other's skills. Our Engineers design, implement, and scale technical solutions that power our core product and enable our users to make data driven decisions in their businesses. As a Software Engineering New Grad, you will experiment, prototype, and implement features that help our global user base analyze and gather insights from their data. During your new grad program, you’ll partner directly with your engineering mentor, as well as collaborate with other teams across the business. Our New Grad Program (Temp-to-Hire) is a direct pipeline into a full-time role and conversion will be available based on successful performance. From Product Designers, Product Managers, Sales, and, of course, actual users, you will collaborate across the company to determine the best solution for your technical challenge. New Grads will take their project from ideation through implementation, iterating and gathering feedback along the way. As a New Grad, you will deploy features and gather insights from customer metrics to aid you in making better development decisions and improve your business acumen.

Note: Our New Grad Program is a temp-to-hire program. Participants will be hired in a 3 month temp role and converted to a FTE based on positive performance and evaluation. 

During Your New Grad Program You Will


Learn how to build production software and understand how large Single Page Applications are built and extended with the user experience top of mind
Experience how backend scales to handle multiple customers and billions of data points while keeping user information secure
Gain an understanding of how to own a development project from beginning to end
Develop automated unit tests to get the relevant code coverage and work with product owners and techpubs to document your work
Partner with other Engineers, Product Managers, and Designers
Design and deliver innovative solutions to improve the Sigma user experience by implementing new features into our product
Find new ways to optimize the performance of one or more components of the product



What We’re Looking For


Applicants must be a recent graduate (within the last 12 months) of a Bachelor’s or a Master’s degree program in Computer Science or a related field
Able to begin a 3 month temp-to-hire role beginning between June 2025 and August 2025
Have an intermediate to advanced grasp of Operating Systems, Data structures, algorithms and at least one modern programming language such as Java, Python, JavaScript, etc.
Excited to learn and build complex user interfaces, data visualizations, or backend systems
Solid project management and communication abilities. You love to find the right resources and can own tasks end to end with minimal supervision.
Have a drive and desire to navigate unknowns, after all, that’s what unlocks realizations
Ability to collaborate and work in a team environment
Able to commit 40 hrs a week for 12 weeks in-person in one of our office locations



Additional Job Details

New Grads at Sigma are compensated with an hourly rate and relocation bonus (where applicable). Our hourly rate for this role is $65.00 per hour.

About Us

Sigma is the only cloud analytics and business intelligence tool empowering business teams to break free from the confines of the dashboard, explore data for themselves, and make better, faster decisions. The award-winning software was built to capitalize on the performance power of cloud data warehouses to combine data sources and analyze billions of rows of data instantly via an intuitive, spreadsheet-like interface – no coding required.

Since launching with its unique interface, Sigma Computing has added features such as collaboration tools and embedded analytics capabilities. The most recent product launch included a set of AI tools such as forecasting capabilities, an AI copilot and a notebook interface for users who prefer a code-first environment.

Sigma announced its $200M in Series D financing in May 2024, to continue transforming BI through its innovations in AI infrastructure, data application development, enterprise-wide collaboration, and business user adoption. Spark Capital and Avenir Growth Capital co-led the Series D funding round, with additional participation from a group of past investors including Snowflake Ventures and Sutter Hill Ventures.The Series D funding, raised at a valuation 60% higher than the company’s Series C round three years ago, promises to further accelerate Sigma’s growth.

Come join us!

Benefits For Our Full-Time Employees


Equity 
Generous health benefits
Flexible time off policy. Take the time off you need!
Paid bonding time for all new parents
Traditional and Roth 401k
Commuter and FSA benefits
Lunch Program
Dog friendly office



Sigma Computing is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building a smart and strong team regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We look forward to learning how your experience can enable all of us to grow.

Note: We have an in-office work environment in all our offices in SF, NYC, and London.