Snowflake

Software Engineer, Database Platform Security 

Menlo Park, CA · 1 day ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$160K/yr - $230K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

Hanzhi and others in your network

Show all
About the job

Snowflake is about empowering enterprises to achieve their full potential — and people too. With a culture that’s all in on impact, innovation, and collaboration, Snowflake is the sweet spot for building big, moving fast, and taking technology — and careers — to the next level.

There is only one Data Cloud. Snowflake’s founders started from scratch and designed a data platform built for the cloud that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. But it didn’t stop there. They engineered Snowflake to power the Data Cloud, where thousands of organizations unlock the value of their data with near-unlimited scale, concurrency, and performance. This is our vision: a world with endless insights to tackle the challenges and opportunities of today and reveal the possibilities of tomorrow.

Our Database Platform Security team is dedicated to building best-in-class security solutions for the Snowflake platform. We focus on three key areas:


Zero Trust/Network Security: We ensure secure access from/to Snowflake to customer environments through features like network policies and private links.
Key Management: We provide a robust crypto infrastructure for all customer data and metadata, offering key rotation, rekeying, and advanced Tri-secret Sharing for Bring Your Own Key (BYOK) capabilities.
Secret Management: This is a new and rapidly growing area where we are building functionality for secure storage and management of secrets like OAuth tokens and credentials within Snowflake.



You will:


Work on highly impactful initiatives from idea formulation to design and implementation.
Innovate, design and build highly available, reliable, and secure distributed services and solutions within the global Snowflake platform.
Ensure operational readiness of services, leading incident management and mitigation discussions including meeting customer commitments for security, reliability, availability, and performance.



Qualifications:


Between 1 to 5 years of industry experience designing, building, and supporting large-scale distributed systems in production, with recent experience in building large scale cloud services.
Knowledge and experience with different security, governance, privacy and compliance areas is a plus (though not required).
Strong fundamentals in computer science skills.
Strong development skills in Java, Python, SQL.
BS in Computer Science or related degree.



Every Snowflake employee is expected to follow the company’s confidentiality and security standards for handling sensitive data. Snowflake employees must abide by the company’s data security plan as an essential part of their duties. It is every employee's duty to keep customer information secure and confidential.

Snowflake is growing fast, and we’re scaling our team to help enable and accelerate our growth. We are looking for people who share our values, challenge ordinary thinking, and push the pace of innovation while building a future for themselves and Snowflake.

How do you want to make your impact?

For jobs located in the United States, please visit the job posting on the Snowflake Careers Site for salary and benefits information: careers.snowflake.com

The following represents the expected range of compensation for this role:


 The estimated base salary range for this role is $160,000 - $230,000.
Additionally, this role is eligible to participate in Snowflake’s bonus and equity plan.



The successful candidate’s starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location. This role is also eligible for a competitive benefits package that includes: medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance; 401(k) retirement plan; flexible spending & health savings account; at least 12 paid holidays; paid time off; parental leave; employee assistance program; and other company benefits.

To comply with pay transparency requirements and other statutes, you can notify us if you believe that a job posting is not compliant by completing this form.
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k), Disability insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Database Platform Security, Menlo Park, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

132

total

132

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

71% Entry level candidates

7% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

66

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


17

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


13

%

have a Master of Science


4

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Snowflake
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Expansion of the AI Data Cloud: Snowflake aims to expand the AI Data Cloud, enabling customers to securely share, monetize, and acquire live data sets and data products. This includes increasing the consumption of their platform by building and expanding the AI Data Cloud.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Significant growth in engineering: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 24% increase in headcount, indicating a major focus on expanding technical capabilities and product development. Expansion in sales: The 'Sales' department has grown by 15%, suggesting a strategic push to increase market reach and revenue generation. Increased focus on consulting and education: The 'Consulting' and 'Education' departments have experienced 34% and 29% growth respectively, highlighting new initiatives in professional services and training. Growth in operations and marketing: The 'Operations' and 'Marketing' departments have grown by 25% and 22% respectively, indicating efforts to enhance operational efficiency and market presence.
… more

The latest hiring trend

10,866

Total employees

37%

Company-wide

2 year growth

132%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 7958 to 10866.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
5000
10000
15000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 2.2 years

Snowflake hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Snowflake hired 21 people from University of Southern California. See all

Snowflake hired 719 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Snowflake operates in a highly competitive data cloud market, facing significant challenges from major cloud providers and specialized data platforms. Its strategic focus on AI integration and multi-cloud capabilities positions it uniquely, but it must continuously innovate to maintain its edge against formidable rivals like Databricks, Amazon Redshift, and Google BigQuery.
… more

Sources: rankred.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Snowflake

1,214,098 followers

Follow

Software Development

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

10,809 on LinkedIn

**Snowflake is proud to be the Official Data Collaboration Provider for LA28 and Team USA.**

Snowflake delivers the AI Data Cloud — a global network where thousands of organizations mobilize data with near-unlimited scale, concurrency, and performance. Inside the AI Data Cloud, organizations unite their siloed data, easily discover and securely share governed data, and execute diverse analytic workloads. Wherever data or users live, Snowflake delivers a single and seamless experience across multiple public clouds. Snowflake’s platform is the engine that powers and provides access to the AI Data Cloud, creating a solution for data warehousing, data lakes, data engineering, data science, data application development, and data sharing. Join Snowflake customers, partners, and data providers already taking their businesses to new frontiers in the AI Data Cloud.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))