About the job

This role requires the ability to work lawfully in the U.S. without employment-based immigration sponsorship, now or in the future.

Are you ready to collaborate with technical teams to create software solutions that leverage prevailing technologies and enhance the Spectrum customer experience? As a Software Engineer I, you will design and develop specific software subsystems, working under the guidance of senior software engineers while adhering to business and technical requirements.

How You’ll Make An Impact


Understand and code basic features, functions and definitions 
Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code following established coding standards under the supervision of senior developers 
Implement pre-designed solutions per team lead instructions, best practices and approved code patterns 
Implement basic functionality from a provided design with team guidance 
Understand technical requirements and technical design documents 
Utilize code branching strategies and change control methodologies 
Code as per the Spectrum standards and guidelines; assist in fixes to defects raised 
Complete assigned tasks within a given timeframe 
Test and validate code; submit code for code review and apply feedback 
Provide LOE on a capability level 
Collaborate with other teams, within a feature team, and/or a focus group 
Adhere to Spectrum’s legal, regulatory, process, and security requirements 


Working Conditions 


Office environment 


Required Qualifications

What You’ll Bring to Spectrum 


Education
BA/BS in Information Technology, Computer Science, or equivalent combination of education and experience 
Experience
1+ years of database management systems experience 
1+ years of coding, testing and designing software experience 
1+ years of software development methodologies experience 
Skills
Ability to read, write, speak and understand English 
Basic knowledge of coding principles 
Knowledge of one major programming language/tool 
Knowledge of coding language and syntax, usage of functions and object-oriented patterns 
Understanding of applicable technical systems and programming in a general sense 
Ability to follow standard practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained and work on problems of limited scope 
Ability to apply company policies and procedures to resolve routine issues 
Showcase capability level work to their team 

ESW340 2025-60076 2025

Here, our employees don’t just have jobs, they're building careers. That’s why we offer a comprehensive pay and benefits package that rewards employees for their contributions to our success, supporting all aspects of their well-being at every stage of life.

A qualified applicant’s criminal history, if any, will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable laws, including local ordinances.

This job posting will remain open until 2025-09-15 06:00 AM (UTC) and will be extended if necessary.

The base pay for this position generally is between  $66,990.00 and $107,470.00. The actual compensation offered will carefully consider a wide range of factors, including your skills, qualifications, experience, and location. We comply with local wage minimums and also, certain positions are eligible for additional forms of other incentive-based compensation such as bonuses.

Get to Know Us  Charter Communications is known by our Spectrum products and services, including: Spectrum Internet®, TV, Mobile and Voice, Spectrum Networks, Spectrum Business and Spectrum Reach. When you join our team, you’ll be keeping our customers connected to what matters most in 41 states across the U.S. Watch this video to learn more.

Grow Your Career Here  We’re committed to growing a workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve – providing opportunities for employment and advancement to all team members. Spectrum is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including job seekers with disabilities and veterans. Learn about Life at Spectrum.