Stanford University School of Medicine

Software Developer 1

Stanford, CA · 6 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Responses managed off LinkedIn

$107.4K/yr - $133.6K/yr
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Tailor my resume

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

The Department of Genetics in the Stanford University School of Medicine is a world-renowned hub for innovation in genomics, computational biology, and translational research. Our lab focuses on developing next-generation computational frameworks and automatic data analyses systems to analyze single-cell and spatial omics data, enabling new discoveries in developmental biology and disease modeling.

We are seeking up to two Software Developer 1 to join our interdisciplinary team and support the development of a modular automatic data analyses system for automating single-cell and spatial data analysis. The ideal candidate will contribute to the design, implementation, and scaling of cloud-based applications that power predictive models of organogenesis and disease progression.

This is an excellent opportunity to work at the forefront of biomedical data science, collaborating with world-class researchers, engineers, and entrepreneurs in a fast-paced academic and translational research environment.

Duties Include


Assess user needs and requirements.
Design and develop applications that may involve sophisticated data manipulation.
Maintain and update existing programs.
Troubleshoot and solve technical problems.
Create programs to meet reporting and analysis needs.
Design and implement user and operations training programs.
Document changes in software for end users.
Follow team software development methodology.
Serve as technical resource with respect to applications.
Support research translation, licensing, and commercialization strategy, including coordination with venture capital firms and Stanford’s innovation ecosystem.
Assist with scientific writing, data visualization, and manuscript preparation.
 - Other duties may also be assigned.


Desired Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Biomedical Engineering, Management Science & Engineering, or a related field.
Strong background in data science, or computational biology, especially in handling single-cell, spatial transcriptomics, or imaging data.
Strong background in automatic data analyses tool development and deployment, distributed systems and others
Proficiency in Python, R, or other scientific programming languages, with experience in software development and data pipeline automation.
Experience with cloud computing platforms (e.g., AWS, GCP) and collaborative development tools (e.g., GitHub, Docker).
Familiarity with scientific publication processes, manuscript preparation, and figures.
Demonstrated ability to assess user needs, troubleshoot complex technical issues, and design user-friendly, scalable applications.
Knowledge of research translation and commercialization strategy, including startup planning and engagement with venture capital firms.
Experience preparing research presentations, grant proposals, or supporting industry/academic collaborations.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively across interdisciplinary teams in a fast-paced academic or startup-like environment.
Excellent communication and organizational skills, with attention to detail and strong documentation practices.


Education & Experience (required)

Bachelor's degree and three years of relevant experience or a combination of education and relevant experience.

Knowledge, Skills And Abilities (required)


Working knowledge of latest software and design standards.
Ability to define and solve logical problems for technical applications.
Knowledge of and ability to select, adapt, and effectively use a variety of programming methods.
Ability to recognize and recommend needed changes in user and/or operations procedures.
Basic knowledge of software engineering principles.
Strong knowledge of at least one programming language.


Certifications & Licenses

None.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*:


Constantly perform desk-based computer tasks.
Frequently sit, grasp lightly/fine manipulation.
Occasionally stand/walk, writing by hand.
Rarely use a telephone, lift/carry/push/pull objects that weigh up to 10 pounds
 - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.


Working Conditions

May work extended hours, evening and weekends.

WORK STANDARDS (from JDL)


Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external organizations.
Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety; communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned.
Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University's Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu .


The expected pay range for this position is $107,423 to $133,600 per annum. Stanford University provides pay ranges representing its good faith estimate of what the university reasonably expects to pay for a position. The pay offered to a selected candidate will be determined based on factors such as (but not limited to) the scope and responsibilities of the position, the qualifications of the selected candidate, departmental budget availability, internal equity, geographic location and external market pay for comparable jobs.

At Stanford University, base pay represents only one aspect of the comprehensive rewards package. The Cardinal at Work website ( https://cardinalatwork.stanford.edu/benefits-rewards ) provides detailed information on Stanford’s extensive range of benefits and rewards offered to employees. Specifics about the rewards package for this position may be discussed during the hiring process.

The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.

Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact Stanford University Human Resources at stanfordelr@stanford.edu . For all other inquiries, please submit a contact form .

Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Additional Information


 Schedule: Full-time 
 Job Code: 4821 
 Employee Status: Regular 
 Grade: I 
 Requisition ID: 107107 
 Work Arrangement : On Site
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Stanford, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

233

total

233

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

86% Entry level candidates

8% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

82

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


16

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


1

%

have a Master of Business Administration


1

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Stanford University School of Medicine
Powered by Bing

The latest hiring trend

36,653

Total employees

7%

Company-wide

2 year growth

14%

Engineering

2 year growth

Chart
Chart with 25 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying Time. Data ranges from 2024-01-01 00:00:00 to 2026-01-01 00:00:00.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Data ranges from 34282 to 36653.
Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
25000
50000
End of interactive chart.

Median employee tenure: 3.8 years

Stanford University School of Medicine hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Stanford University School of Medicine hired 65 people from University of Southern California. See all

Stanford University School of Medicine hired 108 people from University of Southern California. See all

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Stanford University School of Medicine

285,508 followers

Follow

Higher Education

 • 

5001-10000 employees

 • 

9,209 on LinkedIn

Stanford Medicine improves health through leadership, diversity and collaborative discoveries and innovation in health care, education and research. 

The Stanford School of Medicine is a premier setting for integrated research, medical education and clinical care. As the academic hub of Stanford Medicine, which also comprises adult and pediatric health care delivery systems, it fuels discovery and innovation to advance human health while empowering the medical and scientific leaders of tomorrow. Learn more at med.stanford.edu/school.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Senior Mobile Engineer

Pulse Labs

United States (Remote)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:22 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Developer

Easy Street Capital

Irvine, CA (On-site)

Medical, Vision, Dental, 401(k), +3 benefits

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:06 PM
1 hour ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer, New Grad (2026 Start) (Verified job)
Software Engineer, New Grad (2026 Start) 

Zip

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

$140K/yr - $145K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 1:18 PM
2 hours ago

Python Developer, Associate / Chicago, IL (Verified job)
Python Developer, Associate / Chicago, IL 

 BlackRock, Inc.

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

19 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 8:28 AM
6 hours ago

Software Engineer, Loans Originations (Verified job)
Software Engineer, Loans Originations 

Sofi - Interns

Cottonwood Heights, UT

$92.8K/yr - $174K/yr

9 company alumni work here

Posted on January 29, 2026, 5:10 PM
22 hours ago

Developer - Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Developer - Software Engineer I 

Blue Origin

Denver, CO (On-site)

$101.4K/yr - $154.9K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:52 PM
32 minutes ago

Developer - Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Developer - Software Engineer I 

Blue Origin

Greater Seattle Area (On-site)

$101.4K/yr - $154.9K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:52 PM
32 minutes ago

Associate Software Engineer (Verified job)
Associate Software Engineer 

Jerry

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

401(k) benefit

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 11:16 AM
4 hours ago

Software Development Engineer I

Mercor

United States (Remote)

$50/hr - $150/hr

1 connection works here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:56 PM
29 minutes ago

Developer - Software Engineer I (Verified job)
Developer - Software Engineer I 

Blue Origin

Reston, VA (On-site)

$101.4K/yr - $154.9K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

21 company alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 2:52 PM
32 minutes ago

Software Engineer (entry) (Verified job)
Software Engineer (entry) 

Jerry

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

401(k) benefit

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 30, 2026, 11:16 AM
4 hours ago

Senior Salesforce Developer

Cirrius Solutions Inc.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 30, 2026, 1:35 PM
1 hour ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))