State Farm

Software Developer 

Richardson, TX · 47 minutes ago · 22 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

$80K/yr - $123K/yr
Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

Overview

Being good neighbors - helping people, investing in our communities, and making the world a better place - is who we are at State Farm. It is at the core of how we operate and the reason for our success. Come join a #1 team and do some good!

HYBRID: Qualified candidates must live within a 180-mile radius of a hub location listed below and should plan to spend time working from home and some time working in the office as part of our hybrid work environment.

HUB LOCATIONS: Bloomington, IL; Dunwoody, GA; Richardson, TX; or Tempe, AZ

SPONSORSHIP: Applicants for this position are required to be eligible to lawfully work in the U.S. immediately; employer will not sponsor applicants for U.S. work authorization (e.g. H-1B visa) for this opportunity.

Responsibilities

Grow Your Skills, Grow Your Potential

We are excited to expand our dynamic development team and are currently hiring for two distinct roles: Full-stack Developer and Frontend Developer. If you are passionate about building innovative applications and want to work in a collaborative, forward-thinking environment, we want to hear from you!

We are seeking Developers who have 2-5 years working experience with various backgrounds to add to our State Farm team! State Farm is focused on modernization efforts within the Property & Casualty systems. You will be joining a team in which collaborative self-directed individuals thrive. This engineer will be responsible for implementing complex solutions—including functional requirements, coding, support and agile team principles and leadership. This opportunity requires application development skills, writing and collaboration, and strong communication skills.

Qualifications

Position 1: Full-stack Developer

Responsibilities:


Design, develop, and maintain robust full stack applications using Java or Python, JavaScript, SQL, and Spring Framework. 
Build and manage CI/CD pipelines leveraging tools such as GitLab CI/CD, Docker or Kubernetes, and Terraform. 
Design, develop, and deploy scalable solutions on AWS Cloud services. 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software solutions. 


Position 2: Frontend Developer

Responsibilities:


Develop and maintain single-page applications (SPAs) using Angular and other UI technologies. 
Write clean, efficient, and well-documented JavaScript code. 
Collaborate with designers and backend developers to deliver seamless user experiences. 
Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. 


Additional Skills for both positions:


Knowledge of agile methodologies
Ability to diagnose and resolve complex problems/issues and provide technical consultation and direction to business and product team members
Enthusiasm for innovation, diversity of thought, and new ideas
Ability to collaborate and build relationships locally & across locations
Clear communication skills, both verbal & written
Strong aptitude and demonstrated ability to learn new languages and frameworks
Possess technical curiosity and enthusiasm to learn new technologies and follow industry best-practices and trends
Eagerness to provide mentorship and guidance to team members
Experience with navigation and influencing others


Our Benefits

Because work-life balance is a priority at State Farm, compensation is based on our standard 38:45-hour work week!


Potential starting salary range: $80,000 - $123,000. Starting salary will be based on skills, background, and experience. High end of the range limited to applicants with significant relevant experience
Potential yearly incentive pay up to 15% of base salary


At State Farm, we offer more than just a paycheck. Check out our suite of benefits designed to give you the flexibility you need to take care of you and your family!


Get Paid! On top of our competitive pay, you are eligible for an annual raise and bonus. 
Stay Well! Focus on you and your family’s health with our robust health and wellbeing programs. State Farm pays most of your healthcare premium, and we offer multiple healthcare plan options, including a high deductible plan. All medical plans provide 100% coverage for in-network preventative care, AND you and your family have access to vision, dental, telemedicine, 24/7 mental health professionals, and much more!
Develop nd Grow! Take advantage of educational benefits like industry leading training programs, top-notch tuition assistance programs, employee resource groups, and mentoring. 
Plan Ahead! Plan for those big moments in life with benefits like fertility/IVF/adoption assistance, college coaching, national discount programs, interactive monthly financial workshops, free financial coaching, and more. You can also start a savings account or consider financing through our State Farm Federal Credit Union!
Take a Little “You” Time! You will have access to our generous time off policies designed so you can plan around holidays, family events, volunteering, or just to take a relaxing day off. With the opportunity to initially earn up to 20 days annually plus parental leave, paid holidays, celebration day, life leave (40 hours/year), bereavement leave, and community service/education support days, there will be plenty of time for you!
Give Back! We offer several ways to give back through our Matching Gift Program, Good Neighbor Grant Program, and the Employee Assistance Fund. 
Finish Strong! Plan for retirement using free financial advisors and a 401(k) plan with company contributions of up to 7% of your salary. 


Visit our State Farm Careers page for more information on our benefits, locations, and the hiring process of joining the State Farm team!
… more

Benefits found in job post

Tuition assistance

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Richardson, Texas, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

22

total

22

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

82% Entry level candidates

14% Senior level candidates

Candidate education level

70

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


25

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


5

%

have a Master of Business Administration
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about State Farm
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Customer satisfaction and service quality: State Farm focuses on maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction and service quality by offering a wide range of insurance and financial services tailored to individual and business needs.

...more

Sources: luxwisp.com +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Expanding finance and legal departments: The 'Finance' and 'Legal' departments have shown significant increases in headcount by 102% and 8% respectively, indicating a strong focus on financial management and legal compliance. Growth in sales and customer support: The 'Sales' and 'Customer Success and Support' departments have increased by 4%, suggesting a focus on enhancing customer relations and sales capabilities. Reduction in job openings: Overall job openings have decreased by 30% over the past year, with significant reductions in 'Sales' and 'Customer Success and Support' by 86% and 97% respectively, indicating a potential shift towards internal optimization rather than external hiring. Stable growth in operations and administrative functions: The 'Operations' and 'Administrative' departments have seen steady growth with a 10% and 3% increase in headcount respectively, reflecting a focus on improving operational efficiency and administrative support.
… more

The latest hiring trend

108,990

Total employees

10%

Company-wide

2 year growth

17%

Operations

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
50000
100000
150000

Median employee tenure: 6.8 years

State Farm hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

State Farm hired 5 people from University of Southern California. See all

State Farm hired 89 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

State Farm is the largest property and casualty insurance company and auto insurer in the US, holding a significant market share. It faces strong competition from GEICO, Progressive, and Allstate, which also offer competitive rates and extensive coverage options. State Farm's strategic initiatives include market expansion, such as entering the Massachusetts market, and continuous rate adjustments to maintain its competitive edge.
… more

Sources: carinsurance.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

State Farm

520,376 followers

Follow

Insurance

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

98,260 on LinkedIn

At State Farm®, our mission is to help people manage the risks of everyday life, recover from the unexpected, and realize their dreams. We are passionate and driven to create possibilities, and we’re serious about helping customers by providing solutions for all of life’s moments. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.®

Commitments

Diversity, equity, and inclusion

Every State Farm® agent and employee owns the responsibility to exemplify inclusive behavior and treat others with respect, dignity, and empathy. As an employer, we create a welcoming environment where everyone can belong, grow, and thrive.
… more

Environmental sustainability

By engaging in environmentally sustainable practices, we save money and we demonstrate to our customers and employees that we value a
healthy planet. These practices positively impact our business
– through reduced costs and waste, increased efficiency, and employee attraction and retention. Operating in an environmentally sustainable way is simply the right thing to do. Because committing to
long-term resiliency of the planet and the business of being a good neighbor starts with us.
… more

Social impact

Our commitment to help customers prepare for and recover from the unexpected and realize their dreams has remained steadfast for over 100 years. We extend that commitment to the neighborhoods we serve by providing resources that will help them succeed. Through our focus on safety, education and community development, we acknowledge that strong, vibrant communities make us all better and enable an economically strong society.
… more

Learn more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Lead GTM Engineer (Verified job)
Lead GTM Engineer 

Rutter

New York, NY (Hybrid)

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 20, 2026, 6:29 AM
1 day ago

Full Stack Engineer MERN

Cogitate

Atlanta, GA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 11:38 AM
6 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Avionics Software Engineer

HighQ Aero

Centennial, CO (Hybrid)

Posted on January 21, 2026, 7:47 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

IT Systems Engineer

Ventura Tech, Inc.

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

Vision, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 4:03 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Full Stack Engineer

Plasiv

San Jose, CA (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 4:04 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Developer Advocate (Developer Evangelist)

Typesense

United States (Remote)

$150K/yr - $170K/yr

 • 

Medical benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 2:33 PM
3 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Web Project Manager / Frontend Web Developer

Blackberg Group LLC

Alexandria, VA (Hybrid)

$100K/yr - $140K/yr + Bonus, Profit sharing

Posted on January 21, 2026, 12:00 PM
6 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Deployment Engineer

Cumulus

Cypress, TX (Hybrid)

Dental, +1 benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 20, 2026, 11:27 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Infrastructure Engineer - St. Louis Only (Verified job)
Infrastructure Engineer - St. Louis Only 

Lemonaid Health

St Louis, MO (On-site)

401(k) benefit

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 21, 2026, 7:21 AM
10 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Senior Software Engineer (Verified job)
Senior Software Engineer 

Copic Companies

Denver, CO (Hybrid)

$132.3K/yr - $165.4K/yr + Bonus

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 21, 2026, 12:12 PM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

ServiceNow Developer

Druthion Technology Services

Phoenix, AZ (On-site)

Posted on January 20, 2026, 8:16 PM
21 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Full Stack Engineer

MeeBoss

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $180K/yr + Stock options

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 21, 2026, 3:48 PM
2 hours ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))