About the job

About Checkr

Checkr is building the data platform to power safe and fair decisions. Established in 2014, Checkr’s innovative technology and robust data platform help customers assess risk and ensure safety and compliance to build trusted workplaces and communities. Checkr has over 100,000 customers including DoorDash, Coinbase, Lyft, Instacart, and Airtable.

We’re a team that thrives on solving complex problems with innovative solutions that advance our mission. Checkr is recognized on Forbes Cloud 100 2025 List and is a Y Combinator 2024 Breakthrough Company.

About The Role

Truework, recently acquired by Checkr, provides access to crucial employment and income information needed for mortgage loans, apartment rentals, background checks, and more. We are disrupting a $5B+ industry, dominated by legacy incumbents, with a better product and intense customer focus. Within Checkr, Truework operates independently, allowing rapid iteration while also being able to leverage the strengths and assets from our core business. Think of it like joining a startup within a startup!

As a Software Engineer on the Truework team you will help develop and maintain the platform that’s used by 8 of the top 10 mortgage lenders in the US. At Checkr, Engineers take ownership and responsibility on all aspects of Product development from leading projects, working with product managers and customers to define and implement features, to collaborating with our sales and marketing teams on launching and scaling products. You’ll have a lot of autonomy and will be successful if you have high agency and a keen sense of craftsmanship.

Most of the work we need to do is backend-oriented but we are open to candidates from a broad set of roles (full stack, backend, QA engineers, SREs, etc.) if you meet our requirements.

What You’ll Do


Be an independent individual contributor who can solve problems and deliver high-quality solutions with minimal/high-level oversight and a high level of ownership
Bring a customer-centric, product-oriented mindset to the table - collaborate with customers and internal stakeholders to resolve product ambiguities and ship impactful features
Partner with engineering, product, design, and other stakeholders in designing and architecting new features
Experimentation mindset - autonomy and empowerment to validate a customer need, get team buy-in, and ship a rapid MVP
Quality mindset - you insist on quality as a critical pillar of your software deliverables
Analytical mindset - instrument and deploy new product experiments with a data-driven approach
Deliver performant, reliable, scalable, and secure code capable of supporting Truework’s significant scale
Monitor, investigate, triage, and resolve production issues as they arise for services owned by the team


What You Bring


2+ years of software development experience
Bachelor degree (or equivalent education/training)
Proficiency in Python and JavaScript 
Experience developing RESTful APIs
Strong communication and documentation skills
A strong sense of ownership from feature design through production release
A desire to collaborate with external stakeholders
An eagerness to learn, collaborate, improve, innovate, and have fun


What You’ll Get


A fast-paced and collaborative environment
Learning and development allowance
Competitive compensation and opportunity for advancement
100% medical, dental, and vision coverage
Up to $25K reimbursement for fertility, adoption, and parental planning services
Flexible PTO policy
Monthly wellness stipend, home office stipend


At Checkr, we believe a hybrid work environment strengthens collaboration, drives innovation, and encourages connection. Our hub locations are Denver, CO, San Francisco, CA, and Santiago, Chile. Individuals are expected to work from the office 2 to 3 days a week. Starting January 2026, hub-based employees will be expected to work from the office 3 days per week. In-office perks are provided, such as lunch four times a week, a commuter stipend, and an abundance of snacks and beverages.

Equal Employment Opportunities at Checkr

Checkr is committed to building the best product and company, which requires hiring talented and qualified individuals with a diverse set of perspectives and lived experiences. Checkr believes in hiring people of all backgrounds, including those whose histories are impacted by the justice system in accordance with local, state, and/or federal laws, including the San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance.

Pay Transparency Disclosure

One of Checkr’s core values is Transparency. To live by that value, we’ve made the decision to disclose salary ranges in all of our job postings. We use geographic cost of labor as an input to develop ranges for our roles and as such, each location where we hire may have a different range. If this role is remote, we have listed the top to the bottom of the possible range, but we will specify the target range for an exact location when you are selected for a recruiting discussion. For more information on our compensation philosophy, see our website.

On-target Earnings OR Base Salary range (San Francisco, CA)

$147,000 - $173,000 USD