Texas Instruments

Software Engineer 

Lehi, UT · 3 minutes ago · 10 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn

Full-time
Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

Job Description

Position Overview:

Texas Instruments is seeking a full-stack software development engineer who is experienced with AI code generation platforms and tools. This role is critical to accelerating our digital transformation through rapid development of quality and test solutions using cutting-edge development techniques. The position offers the opportunity to revolutionize how our Smart Manufacturing and Automation team builds software while establishing best practices and scaling development capabilities across the organization.

The ideal candidate is someone who is not just a software engineer, but is also experienced with leveraging platforms like Claude Code, GitHub Copilot, Cursor and emerging agentic frameworks to dramatically accelerate development while maintaining high quality standards. You'll be building solutions that directly impact manufacturing quality and test operations while helping transform how our entire team approaches software development.

The Smart Manufacturing and Automation team at Texas Instruments develops software solutions to address challenges faced by manufacturing and engineering teams. As a global organization, we strive to create solutions that are compatible with all TI sites. We invite you to join our team as we leverage modern technologies to deliver software and data solutions that enhance quality and productivity in semiconductor manufacturing.

Primary Responsibilities


Build and sustain full-stack web applications that support manufacturing and engineering teams
Rapidly develop and deploy applications, scripts, and automation solutions using AI code generation platforms (Claude, Copilot, Cursor, etc.)
Work with project managers and internal customers to define requirements and develop solutions that meet manufacturing needs
Provide data solutions/pipelines that enhance software applications
Host software and data solutions in containerized production environment
Create automation for releasing code into production (CI/CD)
Review and provide feedback on code releases
Document software systems, usage requirements, and troubleshooting guides for other team members
Deliver high quality software in a timely manner
Make applications compatible with other TI sites and data systems
Automate repetitive tasks to drive increased efficiency
Support and enhance legacy software solutions
Mentor team members across the organizations on proper software development and management techniques


Qualifications

Minimum Requirements:


Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or another related field
2+ years of experience with full-stack development without co-development tools
Demonstrated experience with AI agentic frameworks (such as Claude, Copilot, Cursor or similar AI co-development tools) for accelerating programming tasks. 


Preferred Qualifications


Experience with React/JavaScript/TypeScript or other frontend web development frameworks
Experience with Python or other coding languages
Experience with FastAPI or other backend web development python frameworks
Experience with relational database management systems (Oracle, MSSQL, PostgresSQL) and SQL
Experience with container orchestration, CI/CD, and other DevOps philosophies and practices. Including Kubernetes, Airflow, Jenkins, Docker, etc. 
Experience with developing software systems in a Linux OS environment
Strong focus on gathering customer requirements and meeting customer needs
Demonstrated ability to work in teams and collaborate effectively across several different functions
Demonstrated ability to take the initiative and drive for results
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Good listener and excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong time management skills that enable on-time project delivery
Passion for the job and willingness to dig in and learn from those around you


About Us

Why TI?


Engineer your future. We empower our employees to truly own their career and development. Come collaborate with some of the smartest people in the world to shape the future of electronics.
We're different by design. Diverse backgrounds and perspectives are what push innovation forward and what make TI stronger. We value each and every voice, and look forward to hearing yours. Meet the people of TI 
Benefits that benefit you. We offer competitive pay and benefits designed to help you and your family live your best life. Your well-being is important to us.


About Texas Instruments

Texas Instruments Incorporated (Nasdaq: TXN) is a global semiconductor company that designs, manufactures and sells analog and embedded processing chips for markets such as industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment and enterprise systems. At our core, we have a passion to create a better world by making electronics more affordable through semiconductors. This passion is alive today as each generation of innovation builds upon the last to make our technology more reliable, more affordable and lower power, making it possible for semiconductors to go into electronics everywhere. Learn more at TI.com .

Texas Instruments is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse, inclusive work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, disability, genetic information, national origin, gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.

If you are interested in this position, please apply to this requisition.

About The Team

TI does not make recruiting or hiring decisions based on citizenship, immigration status or national origin. However, if TI determines that information access or export control restrictions based upon applicable laws and regulations would prohibit you from working in this position without first obtaining an export license, TI expressly reserves the right not to seek such a license for you and either offer you a different position that does not require an export license or decline to move forward with your employment.
… more

Set alert for similar jobs

Software Engineer, Lehi, Utah, United States

Off
See how you compare to others who clicked apply
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Candidates who clicked apply

10

total

10

in the past day

Candidate seniority level

100% Entry level candidates

Candidate education level

100

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Texas Instruments
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Focus on Analog and Embedded Processing Products: Texas Instruments prioritizes the design and manufacturing of analog and embedded processing products, which are central to their business model. These products offer more opportunities per customer and greater value for investments.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Engineering growth: The 'Engineering' department has seen a 2% increase in headcount, indicating a focus on expanding their engineering capabilities, which could suggest new product development or enhancements. Sales expansion: The 'Sales' department has experienced a 3% increase in headcount, highlighting a strategic push to boost sales efforts and market reach. Administrative and support services: The 'Administrative' and 'Customer Success and Support' departments have grown by 5% and 3% respectively, suggesting an investment in improving internal operations and customer satisfaction. Legal and healthcare services: The 'Legal' and 'Healthcare Services' departments have seen significant increases of 6% and 19% respectively, indicating a focus on compliance, legal matters, and employee health initiatives.
… more

The latest hiring trend

32,569

Total employees

7%

Company-wide

2 year growth

8%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
20000
40000

Median employee tenure: 7.5 years

Texas Instruments hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Texas Instruments hired 12 people from University of Southern California. See all

Texas Instruments hired 97 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Texas Instruments (TI) is a leading player in the semiconductor industry, particularly in analog and embedded processing solutions. The company is known for its extensive product portfolio and strong market presence across various sectors including automotive, industrial, and personal electronics. TI's strategic focus on manufacturing capacity expansion and innovation in AI capabilities positions it well against competitors like Analog Devices, Infineon Technologies, and NXP Semiconductors. The competitive landscape is characterized by ongoing consolidation and market realignment, with TI maintaining robust financial performance and strategic innovations to stay ahead.
… more

Sources: benzinga.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Texas Instruments

1,087,666 followers

Follow

Semiconductor Manufacturing

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

32,066 on LinkedIn

We are a global semiconductor company that designs, manufactures and sells analog and embedded processing chips for markets such as industrial, automotive, personal electronics, enterprise systems and communications equipment. At our core, we have a passion to create a better world by making electronics more affordable through semiconductors. This passion is alive today as each generation of innovation builds upon the last to make our technology more reliable, more affordable and lower power, making it possible for semiconductors to go into electronics everywhere. Learn more at TI.com. 
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested

Company photos

More jobs

Firmware Audio Engineer

Polaro

San Mateo, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:02 PM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

System Engineer

Sonit Systems, LLC

Archbold, OH (On-site)

Medical, 401(k)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 6:41 AM
11 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

LLM Engineer

Prana Tree

Chicago, IL (Hybrid)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 22, 2026, 6:29 AM
1 day ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Software Engineer (Verified job)
Staff Software Engineer 

Trellis

United States (Remote)

$220K/yr

 • 

7 benefits

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 22, 2026, 1:24 PM
1 day ago

Founding Full Stack Engineer

Topify.ai

San Francisco, CA (On-site)

3 school alumni work here

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:36 AM
17 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Back End Developer, Shopify

PIVOT | Shopify Plus Agency Partner

Mission Viejo, CA (Hybrid)

Posted on January 23, 2026, 2:33 PM
3 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Artificial Intelligence Engineer (Verified job)
Artificial Intelligence Engineer 

Stuut

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

Vision, 401(k)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 2:18 PM
1 day ago

Artificial Intelligence Engineer Audio (Verified job)
Artificial Intelligence Engineer Audio 

Stuut

San Francisco Bay Area (On-site)

Vision, 401(k)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 1:16 PM
1 day ago

Full Stack Software Engineer

Basic Capital

New York, NY (On-site)

Posted on January 22, 2026, 3:35 PM
1 day ago

Forward Deployed Engineer

Empromptu.ai

San Francisco Bay Area (Remote)

$100K/yr - $150K/yr

You’d be a top applicant

Posted on January 23, 2026, 12:44 PM
5 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Frontend Engineer

Malachyte

New York City Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

$140K/yr - $160K/yr

 • 

Medical, 401(k)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 23, 2026, 8:47 AM
9 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))