About the job

Our Mission




Launched in 2012, Tinder® revolutionized how people meet, growing from 1 match to one billion matches in just two years. This rapid growth demonstrates its ability to fulfill a fundamental human need: real connection. Today, the app has been downloaded over 630 million times, leading to over 97 billion matches, serving approximately 50 million users per month in 190 countries and 45+ languages - a scale unmatched by any other app in the category. In 2024, Tinder won four Effie Awards for its first-ever global brand campaign, “It Starts with a Swipe”™"







Our Values




 One Team, One Dream

We work hand-in-hand, building Tinder for our members. We succeed together when we work collaboratively across functions, teams, and time zones, and think outside the box to achieve our company vision and mission.




 Own It

We take accountability and strive to make a positive impact in all aspects of our business, through ownership, innovation, and a commitment to excellence.




 Never Stop Learning

We cultivate a culture where it’s safe to take risks. We seek out input, share honest feedback, celebrate our wins, and learn from our mistakes in order to continue improving.




 Spark Solutions

We’re problem solvers, focusing on how to best move forward when faced with obstacles. We don’t dwell on the past or on the issues at hand, but instead look at how to stay agile and overcome hurdles to achieve our goals.




 Embrace Our Differences

We are intentional about building a workplace that reflects the rich diversity of our members. By leveraging different perspectives and other ways of thinking, we build better experiences for our members and our team.




The Engineering team is responsible for building innovative features and resilient systems that bring people together. We're always experimenting with new features to engage with our members. Although we are a high-scale tech company, the member-to-engineer ratio is very high—making the level of impact each engineer gets to have at Tinder enormous.

As a Backend Engineer at Tinder, you will have an outsized impact and ownership of the most visible aspects of the Tinder App. We are deeply invested in challenging norms, constantly improving architecture design, exploring emergent tech and ideas, and leveraging new technologies in interesting ways to deliver an app that is widely known the world over. 




In this role you will:
Design, develop and operate scalable and resilient distributed services that run on Kubernetes or ECS
Collaborate with various functional teams across Tinder on the expansion of our service platform
Influence the team roadmap and product development
Recruit, encourage, and develop other team members




You'll need:
Excellent knowledge and experience with a backend language like Java, Node.js, Go, C++
BS/MS in Computer Science or an equivalent field with 2+ years of industry work experience
Excellent knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and coding
Strong designing and building distributed backend systems handling high volumes of traffic
Experience in handling ambiguous business requirements with excellent prioritization, time management abilities, and a focus on execution
Passion to tackle exciting engineering problems and make continuous improvements




Nice to have:
Experience with cloud computing systems such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform
Experience in design and development using NoSQL, such as DynamoDB or Cassandra
Experience with Redis, ElasticSearch, Kafka, and SparkExperience with Typescript
Agile development methodology and CI/CD
Experience with Docker containers




As A full-time employee you will enjoy:
Unlimited PTO (with no waiting period), 10 annual Wellness Days
Time off to volunteer and charitable donations matched up to $15,000 annually 
Comprehensive health, vision, and dental coverage
100% 401(k) employer match up to 10%, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
100% paid parental leave (including for non-birthing parents) and family forming benefits
Investment in your development: mentorship through our MentorMatch program, access to 6,000+ online courses through Udemy, and an annual $3,000 stipend for your professional development
Investment in your wellness: access to mental health support via Modern Health, paid concierge medical membership, pet insurance, fitness membership subsidy, and commuter subsidy
Free subscription to Tinder Gold







Commitment to Inclusion




At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference, we celebrate it. We strive to build a workplace that reflects the rich diversity of our members around the world, and we value unique perspectives and backgrounds. Even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications, we invite you to apply and show us how your skills could transfer. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace where we welcome people of all sexes, gender identities, races, ethnicities, disabilities, and other lived experiences. Learn more here: https://www.lifeattinder.com/dei




If you require reasonable accommodation to complete a job application, pre-employment testing, or a job interview or to otherwise participate in the hiring process, please speak to your Talent Acquisition Partner directly.




#Tinder



The salary range for this position is $160,000 - $180,000. Factors such as scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/training, job-related skills, internal peer equity, as well as market and business considerations may influence base pay offered. This salary range is reflective of a position based in Palo Alto, CA. This salary will be subject to a geographic adjustment (according to a specific city and state), if an authorization is granted to work outside of the location listed in this posting.