About the job

Visa is a world leader in payments and technology, with over 259 billion payments transactions flowing safely between consumers, merchants, financial institutions, and government entities in more than 200 countries and territories each year. Our mission is to connect the world through the most innovative, convenient, reliable, and secure payments network, enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive while driven by a common purpose – to uplift everyone, everywhere by being the best way to pay and be paid.



Make an impact with a purpose-driven industry leader. Join us today and experience Life at Visa.





Job Description



As a New College Graduate Software Engineer at Visa, you will join one of our technology organizations, working on impactful projects that power the future of digital payments. Your specific assignment will be based on your skills, interests, and team needs, giving you the opportunity to learn, grow, and contribute from day one. 



Some job duties and projects could include: 



Write optimized, secure and scalable code that also follows best practices such as unit testing and peer reviews. 
Formulate creative solutions to solve problems that meet the objectives of both the product roadmap and technology roadmap. 
Participate in and develop end-to-end technology solutions that solve our business needs. 
Work closely with multiple stakeholders in a cross-functional organization within an Agile environment. 
Troubleshoot and debug software applications, identifying root causes and implementing effective solutions
Contribute to the design and architecture of systems that meet high availability, performance, and security requirements
Build and improve internal tools to enhance developer productivity and system monitoring

Remember, at Visa, we see our employees as our most valuable asset and we are excited to support and witness your growth within our organization. 





Qualifications



Basic Qualifications 



Less than 6 months of relevant work experience with either Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, CIS/MIS, Cybersecurity, Business or a related field, graduating December 2025 - August 2026. 

Preferred Qualifications 



Proficiency in at least one programming language or technology including, but not limited, to Java, C/C++, C#, .NET, Python, Javascript, HTML, Golang
Experience with Write utilities / automation tools using Selenium, Java, REST, Python, Groovy, Ruby, and more
Experience with front-end frameworks including, but not limited to, Angular, React, Vuejs, etc. 
Knowledge or Experience using Gen AI tools (GPT, Copilot, OpenAI, Gemini, etc.)
Exposure to emerging and cloud technologies: Familiarity with AWS, MySQL, PowerBI
Exposure or experience in fine-tuning, integrating LLM(e.g., GPT, LLaMA)
Knowledge of prompt engineering and scalable LLM architectures
Knowledge or experience with ML models with MLOps activities
Familiarity with software testing principles 
Solid understanding of software engineering concepts and methodologies 
Document process, designs, test results, and analysis 
Lead root cause analysis and track defect resolution to completion 
Review and provide feedback on development code, test designs and test cases 
Communicate status frequently to project stakeholders 
Strong communications skills, specifically, the absence of repeated grammatical or typographical errors, clear and concise written and spoken communications, and communications that demonstrate professional judgment. 
The ability to take on challenges and address problems head-on 
Strong ability to collaborate 
Highly driven, resourceful and results oriented 
Good team player and excellent interpersonal skills 
Good analytical and problem-solving skills 
Demonstrated ability to lead and navigate through ambiguity


Additional Information



U.S. APPLICANTS ONLY: The estimated salary for a new hire into this position is $120,000 USD which may include potential sales incentive payments (if applicable). Salary may vary depending on job-related factors which may include knowledge, skills, experience, and location. In addition, this position may be eligible for bonus and equity. Visa has a comprehensive benefits package for which this position may be eligible that includes Medical, Dental, Vision, 401 (k), FSA/HSA, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Wellness Program. 



Work Authorization: Permanent Authorization to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment for this position. Visa will not sponsor applicants for work visas in connection with this position. Future sponsorship will not be considered.



Work Hours: Varies upon the needs of the department.



This is a hybrid position: Expectation of days in office will be confirmed by your hiring manager.



Travel Requirements: This position requires travel 5-10% of the time.



Mental/Physical Requirements: This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.



Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.



Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable local law, including the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.