Western Digital

Early Career Talent - Data Engineer

San Jose, CA · 5 hours ago · Over 100 applicants

Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet

On-site
Full-time
Easy Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Show match details

Create cover letter

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to

School alumni from University of Southern California

Show all
About the job

At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.



 



At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that—our technology helped people put a man on the moon and capture the first-ever picture of a black hole.



 



We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, HDDs, and platforms for business, creative professionals, and consumers alike under our Western Digital®, WD®, and WD_BLACK™ brands.



 



We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest-growth organizations in the world. From enabling systems to make cities safer and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and hyperscale cloud providers, to meeting the massive and ever-growing data storage needs of the AI era, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.



 



Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. Together, we can build the future of data storage.





Job Description



We are seeking a Data Engineer with a strong background in data pipelines, automated testing, Data Analytics, and HDD systems. The ideal candidate will bridge the gap between software and hardware data environments—developing, validating, and maintaining data workflows that support HDD performance testing, analysis, and reporting.



Essential Duties & Responsibilities:



Design, build, and maintain scalable data pipelines to collect, process, and analyze data with HDD testing systems



Develop processes to ensure accurate and efficient data flow between tester, databases, and analytics tools



Collaborate with SMEs to analyze HDD performance, reliability, and failure data



Create automated test scripts and integrate testing results into data systems and dashboards



Support root cause analysis and predictive modeling of HDD test data



Integrate AI tools, such as chatbots or other interactive platforms, to facilitate access to summarized reports and knowledge bases



Work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure reporting systems are aligned with overall business goals



 





Qualifications



Role begins Summer 2026



Required:



Master’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, or a related field (Graduating Mar 2026 - May 2026). 
Proficiency in R and Python, developed through coursework, research projects, or internships. 
Proven analytical skills and a strong attention to detail, demonstrated in your academic work or applied projects. 
A demonstrated ability to communicate and collaborate with SMEs and diverse, cross-functional teams. 
Knowledge or curiosity about the data storage (HDD) industry—even if your experience has been in academic projects or classes. 
Experience (even through academic projects) with Generative AI, NLP, or other AI tools. 
Exposure to business intelligence platforms and cloud services like Google Cloud or AWS. 
Familiarity with CICD toolchains like Git, Jenkins, Docker (academic, project-based, or internship experience). 
Experience with other programming languages like C++, Java, JavaScript/Node.js—even from side projects or research. 

Preferred:



Familiarity with large-scale database concepts, with project or classroom experience

What Sets You Apart:



You’re forward-thinking and eager to apply the latest trends to real-world problems. 
You’re not just looking for a job—you’re looking to grow and innovate, and you're driven by a desire to make an impact. 
Your ability to communicate complex ideas, both to peers and non-technical stakeholders, is a major asset. 
You thrive in a collaborative environment where diverse perspectives are valued.


Additional Information



Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate against any applicant or employee based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the "Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal” poster. Our pay transparency policy is available here.



 



Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.



 



Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at jobs.accommodations@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.



 



Based on our experience, we anticipate that the application deadline will be 4/7/26, although we reserve the right to close the application process sooner if we hire an applicant for this position before the application deadline. If we are not able to hire someone from this role before the application deadline, we will update this posting with a new anticipated application deadline.







Compensation & Benefits Details



An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs. 
The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting.  We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in California, Colorado, New York or remote jobs that can be performed in California, Colorado and New York.  This range may be modified in the future. 
If your position is non-exempt, you are eligible for overtime pay pursuant to company policy and applicable laws.  You may also be eligible for shift differential pay, depending on the shift to which you are assigned. 

You will be eligible to be considered for bonuses under either Western Digital’s Short Term Incentive Plan (“STI Plan”) or the Sales Incentive Plan (“SIP”) which provides incentive awards based on Company and individual performance, depending on your role and your performance. You may be eligible to participate in our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs) or cash equivalents, pursuant to the terms of the LTI plan. Please note that not all roles are eligible to participate in the LTI program, and not all roles are eligible for equity under the LTI plan. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.



We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Applause Program; employee stock purchase plan; and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan. 
Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law. 

Notice To Candidates: Please be aware that Western Digital and its subsidiaries will never request payment as a condition for applying for a position or receiving an offer of employment. Should you encounter any such requests, please report it immediately to Western Digital Ethics Helpline or email compliance@wdc.com.



… more

Benefits found in job post

Vision insurance, Disability insurance

Set alert for similar jobs

Data Engineer, San Jose, California, United States

Off
Put your best foot forward with your application

Hire a resume writer

Get a resume review
See how you compare to other applicants
Based on LinkedIn data. Excludes subsidiaries.
Applicants for this job

408

Applicants

408

Applicants in the past day

Applicant seniority level

76% Entry level people applied for this job

13% Senior level people applied for this job

Applicant education level

89

%

have a Master's Degree (Similar to you)


7

%

have a Bachelor's Degree


2

%

have a Master of Business Administration


2

%

have other degrees
Exclusive Job Seeker Insights about Western Digital
Powered by Bing

Company focus areas

• Focus on HDD Business: Western Digital Corporation has completed the separation of its HDD and Flash business units, allowing it to focus on its existing HDD business. This strategic move aims to enhance technology and product development, capitalize on growth opportunities, and extend leadership positions in the HDD market.

...more

Sources: sec.gov +1 more

Hiring & headcount

Focus on Engineering: The 'Engineering' department has the highest headcount with 6714 employees, although it experienced a slight decrease of 1% over the year, indicating a continued strong focus on engineering capabilities. Growth in Operations: The 'Operations' department saw a 4% increase in headcount, suggesting an emphasis on improving operational efficiency and capacity. Expansion in Administrative and Media: The 'Administrative' and 'Media and Communication' departments both experienced a 5% and 7% increase in headcount respectively, indicating potential new initiatives in administrative support and media engagement. Significant Reduction in Job Openings: Overall job openings decreased by 41% over the year, with notable reductions in 'Accounting' and 'Engineering' job openings, which may indicate a shift towards optimizing current workforce rather than expanding it.
… more

The latest hiring trend

22,581

Total employees

1%

Company-wide

2 year growth

1%

Engineering

2 year growth

Jan 2024
May 2024
Sep 2024
Jan 2025
May 2025
Sep 2025
Jan 2026
0
10000
20000
30000

Median employee tenure: 6.6 years

Western Digital hires candidates from some of these companies and schools

Western Digital hired 9 people from University of Southern California. See all

Western Digital hired 162 people from University of Southern California. See all

Competitors

Western Digital Corporation is a key player in the data storage industry, focusing on hard disk drives, SSDs, and flash memory products. The company has seen significant growth driven by the AI and cloud computing demand. It faces strong competition from companies like Seagate Technology, Micron Technology, and NetApp Inc., which also offer a range of data storage solutions. Western Digital's strategic moves, such as spinning off its Flash business into SanDisk, have positioned it as a pure play on enterprise and cloud storage, capitalizing on the booming AI-driven data demand.
… more

Sources: finance.yahoo.com +3 more

Show Premium Insights
About the company

Western Digital

801,712 followers

Follow

Computer Hardware Manufacturing

 • 

10001+ employees

 • 

18,797 on LinkedIn

At Western Digital, our vision is to unleash the power and value of data. For decades, we have been at the forefront of storage innovation, which fuels our mission to be the market leader in data storage, delivering solutions for now and the future. We are committed to providing scalable, sustainable technology for the world’s hyperscalers, enterprises, and cloud providers, and delivering cutting-edge innovation that will drive the next generation of AI-driven data workloads. All that we do is powered by our people, who are united in a common purpose of creating solutions that move the world forward. Learn more at www.westerndigital.com.
… more

Interested in working with us in the future?

Privately share your profile with our recruiters – you’ll be noted as expressing interest for up to a year and be notified about jobs and updates. Learn more

I’m interested
More jobs

Artificial Intelligence Engineer

AIDA

Palo Alto, CA (On-site)

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on December 22, 2025, 8:48 AM
3 weeks ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Staff Software Engineer

Roe

San Francisco Bay Area (Hybrid)

$160K/yr - $200K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 2, 2026, 2:55 PM
1 week ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Embedded Software Engineer (C/C# .NET)

ADMET

Norwood, MA (On-site)

$100K/yr - $120K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:15 PM
52 minutes ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Associate Data Engineer (Verified job)
Associate Data Engineer 

XIFIN, Inc.

San Diego Metropolitan Area (On-site)

$70.3K/yr - $90K/yr

 • 

401(k), +1 benefit

2 school alumni work here

Posted on January 6, 2026, 2:27 PM
1 week ago

Software Engineer, Infrastructure

Scaled Cognition

San Jose, CA (Hybrid)

$130K/yr - $350K/yr

Actively reviewing applicants

Posted on January 15, 2026, 7:08 AM
7 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer

RemoteHunter

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 11:52 AM
3 hours ago

Junior Data Engineer (Verified job)
Junior Data Engineer 

Calamos Investments

Naperville, IL (On-site)

$90K/yr - $110K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

Posted on January 7, 2026, 8:43 AM
1 week ago

Jr. Data Engineer (Verified job)
Jr. Data Engineer 

The Habit Burger Grill

Irvine, CA (Hybrid)

$28.99/hr - $34.03/hr

 • 

401(k) benefit

1 school alumni works here

Posted on January 2, 2026, 12:24 PM
1 week ago

Junior Software Engineer

RemoteHunter

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 1:26 PM
1 hour ago

Software Engineer

Helic & Co.

United States (Remote)

Posted on January 15, 2026, 6:44 AM
8 hours ago

 · 

 Easy Apply

Software Engineer (Verified job)
Software Engineer 

LiveRamp Inc.

San Francisco, CA (Hybrid)

$99.5K/yr - $155K/yr

 • 

401(k) benefit

3 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 3:30 AM
11 hours ago

Associate Software Engineer (Verified job)
Associate Software Engineer 

Prudential Financial

Newark, NJ (Hybrid)

$66.7K/yr - $110.1K/yr

 • 

401(k), +2 benefits

5 company alumni work here

Posted on January 15, 2026, 2:14 PM
52 minutes ago

See more jobs like this

Need to hire fast?

Post a job

About

Accessibility

Talent Solutions

Community Guidelines

Careers

Marketing Solutions 

Privacy & Terms

Ad Choices

Advertising

Sales Solutions

Mobile

Small Business

Safety Center

LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Questions?

Visit our Help Center.

Manage your account and privacy

Go to your Settings.

Recommendation transparency

Learn more about Recommended Content.

Select language

العربية (Arabic)
বাংলা (Bangla)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
Ελληνικά (Greek)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
فارسی (Persian)
Suomi (Finnish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Magyar (Hungarian)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
עברית (Hebrew)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
मराठी (Marathi)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
తెలుగు (Telugu)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))