About the job

A Business Software Solutions Engineer who can master business software products and effectively communicate their efficacy to prospective customers over the phone and via screen shares. Someone who has experience with business software is preferred.




Qualifications and Skills

You understand business software. Lots of software - we have 55 products. You have the desire to learn more software products.
You can articulate the value of business software to prospective customers over the phone through demonstrations.
You are adept at listening to and interpreting a customer’s business needs. You suggest the appropriate product solutions.
You think quickly on the fly. Prospective customers expect immediate solutions.
You have excellent verbal and written communication skills.
You are technologically savvy. You understand and love technology, and have the desire to learn more.
Preferred: You have experience in a phone, email, and/or web-chat based technical support or customer consulting role.
Preferred: You have an understanding of standard business applications software (CRM, Accounting, Help Desk, Analytics, Project Management, etc.)




Responsibilities and Duties

Our top performers don’t let their job title or responsibilities restrict their contribution to the company. Responsibilities are not restricted to:

Master multiple software products. This is ongoing.
Field customer calls, understand their requirements, and provide solutions to their business needs.
Demonstrate a product's capabilities to prospective customers.
Respond to support questions via email, chat and phone.
Collaborate with multiple teams (product, sales, etc.)
Work in the nearest Zoho office full-time (not remote or hybrid).




Salary and Benefits

The salary range for this position is $55,000 - $60,000 per year. Permanent employees are offered a full suite of competitive benefits, including medical, dental, and vision insurance as well as a company-sponsored 401k.




Why you should or shouldn’t apply

We are a private company with zero intention of going public. This means that we have the freedom to chart our own course regarding our product offerings, our R&D priorities, and our authentic, humble, and diverse company culture. If you are looking for stock options or an "exit," you’ll be disappointed.
We prefer long-term employees and invest in and support our people in order to earn their loyalty. If you're looking for a short-term gig we discourage you from applying.
A genuine interest in cloud-based software is integral to your success at Zoho. If you don’t enjoy (enterprise) software, you won't enjoy the work.
We care most about an individual's flexibility, values, and ambition. If job titles and status are your main concerns, this isn't the place for you.
Individuals who can learn on the job and do independent research as needed are most successful at Zoho. Self-starters piece together the Zoho ecosystem best and fastest. If you're willing to jump in and learn on the job, you will be a great fit.
We consciously eschew the "cool tech-company" vibe because we value work-life balance and a down-to-earth company culture. If a flashy campus or downtown office is important to you, you’ll likely be disappointed.
We are a low-ego company. Overall, the people at Zoho have high expectations about doing great work, job satisfaction, and long-term work-life balance, and low expectations about hierarchy, status, and clout.




The most successful Zoho team members are:

At home in a diverse, multicultural workplace
Quick on their feet
Comfortable with ambiguity and complexity
Flexible and patient, with an "all hands on deck" attitude
Comfortable with giving and receiving constructive feedback for the benefit of the team
Authentic




Zoho Corp. is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a work environment free of discrimination on the basis of sex, race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, military status, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.




Successful applicants undergo a standard background check and demonstrate eligibility to work in the United States.




This is an in-office position.